---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Cambion heritage of the Planesborn race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Armor of the Pit (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cambion)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 natural armor bonus.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Bestial Planesborn (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any, except Nephilim)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of claw attacks that deal 1d4 damage, as well as a bite attack that deals 1d6 damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Coordinated Tail (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any) or Planesborn(Cambion); Unusual Grip, Prehensile Tail<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When wielding weapons in your tail using the unusual grip feat you do not take the -2 penalty to attack rolls for doing so. You can also now use your tail to grab unattended items within 5 feet as a 1 AP action.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Healing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When subjected to elemental damage of a type matching your heritage’s base resistances, regardless if the damage penetrated your resistances, you gain fast healing 2 for 4 rounds thereafter. This ability cannot heal more than 4 HP per hit dice per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Expanded Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select a single elemental resist you do not already have resistance to. You gain Reist 1 to that elemental damage type.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you do not have resistance to. You may only take this feat once, plus an additional time per 5 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Imp Heritage (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cambion),  Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your Cambion heritage is tied to that of an imp rather than the more common type of Cambion. Your size is reduced permanently by 1 step, gaining the usual bonuses and penalties for this adjustment in size.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any), character level 10th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose one resistance you possess, it improves to Resist 2. This may only be applied to resistances gained from, race, feats, or class features without a limited duration.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you have resistance to and improve it to Resist 2.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Affinity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    ou are naturally attuned to an element gaining the associated elemental affinity talent if you don’t already possess it, and ignore 1 Resist of creatures with resistance against your associated affinity; below is a list of heritages as their associated affinities:<br><br>- Nephilim: Air(Essence) or Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cambion: Fire(Essence) or Decay(Nature-Anima) Affinity<br>- Ifrit: Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Undine: Water(Essence) Affinity<br>- Sylph: Air(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cragborn: Earth(Water-Anima) Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you are mixed blood without a specific planesborn heritage you gain no affinity talent, but may select one from the list to ignore resist of creatures.<br>If you are of mixed heritage with more than one planesborn specific heritage you gain the benefits of both your heritages from the list.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Planesight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain darkvision(60) if you did not already possess it. If you already have darkvision, it instead improved to darkvision(120)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat a second time. If you gained darkvision(60) the first time you improve it to darkvision(120), if you gained darkvision(120) you instead gain the see in darkness universal monster ability. You must have at least 8 hit dice to take this feat a second time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Prehensile Tail (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any) or Planesborn(Cambion)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have a long, flexible tail that you can use to carry objects. You cannot wield weapons with your tail, but the tail allows you to retrieve a stowed object carried on your person as a reaction on your turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Succubus Heritage (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cambion),  Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your Cambion heritage is born from contact with a Succubus or Incubus, making you generally more charismatic and alluring. You gain a +2 racial bonus on diplomacy and bluff checks, and a +1 bonus on all save attack rolls with mind-affecting spells and abilities.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Trickster (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cambion or Sylph)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have given into your trickster tendencies gaining a +2 racial bonus on sleight of hand and stealth checks.<br></p></span></p>