---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Cragborn heritage of the Planesborn race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Bestial Planesborn (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any, except Nephilim)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of claw attacks that deal 1d4 damage, as well as a bite attack that deals 1d6 damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Healing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When subjected to elemental damage of a type matching your heritage’s base resistances, regardless if the damage penetrated your resistances, you gain fast healing 2 for 4 rounds thereafter. This ability cannot heal more than 4 HP per hit dice per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Expanded Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select a single elemental resist you do not already have resistance to. You gain Reist 1 to that elemental damage type.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you do not have resistance to. You may only take this feat once, plus an additional time per 5 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Granite Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cragborn)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your natural armor bonus from your race improves by 2. If you do not possess a natural armor bonus from your race you instead gain a +2 natural armor bonus.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any), character level 10th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose one resistance you possess, it improves to Resist 2. This may only be applied to resistances gained from, race, feats, or class features without a limited duration.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you have resistance to and improve it to Resist 2.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Affinity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    ou are naturally attuned to an element gaining the associated elemental affinity talent if you don’t already possess it, and ignore 1 Resist of creatures with resistance against your associated affinity; below is a list of heritages as their associated affinities:<br><br>- Nephilim: Air(Essence) or Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cambion: Fire(Essence) or Decay(Nature-Anima) Affinity<br>- Ifrit: Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Undine: Water(Essence) Affinity<br>- Sylph: Air(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cragborn: Earth(Water-Anima) Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you are mixed blood without a specific planesborn heritage you gain no affinity talent, but may select one from the list to ignore resist of creatures.<br>If you are of mixed heritage with more than one planesborn specific heritage you gain the benefits of both your heritages from the list.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Planesight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain darkvision(60) if you did not already possess it. If you already have darkvision, it instead improved to darkvision(120)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat a second time. If you gained darkvision(60) the first time you improve it to darkvision(120), if you gained darkvision(120) you instead gain the see in darkness universal monster ability. You must have at least 8 hit dice to take this feat a second time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Polished Stone (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cragborn)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a reflective crystalline skin, granting you a +2 racial bonus to AC against touch attacks originating from spells.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Stone Step (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Cragborn)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your slow and steady nature make you both difficult to topple and difficult to stop. You gain a +2 racial bonus to MSB and saves against reposition, grapple, and trip combat maneuvers. In addition you ignore difficult terrain caused by stone (rubble, stone stairs, ect..)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Stonecunning (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Dwarf(Any) or Planesborn(Cragborn)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have a natural affinity towards stonework, able to notice inconsistencies easier than others. You gain a +2 racial bonus on perception checks to notice unusual stonework, such as traps and hidden doors in stone walls or floors. In addition you receive a check to notice such features when passing within 10 feet of them, regardless if they were actively searching or not.<br></p></span></p>