---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Nephilim heritage of the Planesborn race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Angel Wings (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Nephilim), character level 7th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of feathered wings, granting you a fly speed of 30 feet (average maneuverability). In addition you gain a +2 racial bonus to acrobatics checks to fly.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Healing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When subjected to elemental damage of a type matching your heritage’s base resistances, regardless if the damage penetrated your resistances, you gain fast healing 2 for 4 rounds thereafter. This ability cannot heal more than 4 HP per hit dice per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Expanded Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select a single elemental resist you do not already have resistance to. You gain Reist 1 to that elemental damage type.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you do not have resistance to. You may only take this feat once, plus an additional time per 5 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Halo (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Nephilim)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may as a standard action create a light centered on your head at-will. The light shines in an area like a torch, and grants you a +2 racial bonus on intimidate checks against evil creatures, and on saving throws against becoming blinded or dazzled.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any), character level 10th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose one resistance you possess, it improves to Resist 2. This may only be applied to resistances gained from, race, feats, or class features without a limited duration.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you have resistance to and improve it to Resist 2.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Lost Promise (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Nephilim), must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have become a fallen Nephilim. You may take Planesborn(Cambion) feats, but no longer may take feats for Planesborn(Nephilim). Upon taking this feat you gain the Prehensile Tail and Beastial Planesborn feats.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Metallic Wings (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Nephilim), Angelic Wings, character level 11th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain two wing attacks that deal 1d4 points of slashing damage. At 16 HD the damage from these wings improves to 1d6.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Affinity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    ou are naturally attuned to an element gaining the associated elemental affinity talent if you don’t already possess it, and ignore 1 Resist of creatures with resistance against your associated affinity; below is a list of heritages as their associated affinities:<br><br>- Nephilim: Air(Essence) or Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cambion: Fire(Essence) or Decay(Nature-Anima) Affinity<br>- Ifrit: Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Undine: Water(Essence) Affinity<br>- Sylph: Air(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cragborn: Earth(Water-Anima) Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you are mixed blood without a specific planesborn heritage you gain no affinity talent, but may select one from the list to ignore resist of creatures.<br>If you are of mixed heritage with more than one planesborn specific heritage you gain the benefits of both your heritages from the list.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Planesight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain darkvision(60) if you did not already possess it. If you already have darkvision, it instead improved to darkvision(120)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat a second time. If you gained darkvision(60) the first time you improve it to darkvision(120), if you gained darkvision(120) you instead gain the see in darkness universal monster ability. You must have at least 8 hit dice to take this feat a second time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Seraphim (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Nephilim), Angelic Wings, Metallic Wings, Character level 13th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You grow two additional pairs of angelic wings granting you two additional wing attack natural weapons, and improving your fly speed from the angelic wings feat to 80 feet from 30 feet.<br></p></span></p>