---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Ifrit heritage of the Planesborn race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Bestial Planesborn (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any, except Nephilim)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of claw attacks that deal 1d4 damage, as well as a bite attack that deals 1d6 damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Blistering Feint (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Ifrit)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When wielding a weapon that deals fire damage (including bonus fire damage), you gain a +2 racial bonus on bluff checks to feint. Anytime you successfully feint a creature you deal fire damage equal to half your Psyche modifier to the target.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Healing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When subjected to elemental damage of a type matching your heritage’s base resistances, regardless if the damage penetrated your resistances, you gain fast healing 2 for 4 rounds thereafter. This ability cannot heal more than 4 HP per hit dice per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Expanded Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select a single elemental resist you do not already have resistance to. You gain Reist 1 to that elemental damage type.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you do not have resistance to. You may only take this feat once, plus an additional time per 5 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Fire Fist (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Ifrit)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Attacks with unarmed strikes or natural weapons deal an additional 1 point of fire damage, plus an additional 1 for every 5 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Resistance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any), character level 10th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose one resistance you possess, it improves to Resist 2. This may only be applied to resistances gained from, race, feats, or class features without a limited duration.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times. Each time you do, pick another elemental damage type you have resistance to and improve it to Resist 2.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Inner Flame (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:     Planesborn(Ifrit), Fire Fist, character level 6th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When a creature strikes you with a natural weapon or unarmed strike they take damage equal to your fire fist damage. In addition when a creature takes this damage when they succeed on a combat maneuver using an unarmed strike or natural weapon (this includes any maneuvers that are not made using a manufactured weapon).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Affinity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    ou are naturally attuned to an element gaining the associated elemental affinity talent if you don’t already possess it, and ignore 1 Resist of creatures with resistance against your associated affinity; below is a list of heritages as their associated affinities:<br><br>- Nephilim: Air(Essence) or Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cambion: Fire(Essence) or Decay(Nature-Anima) Affinity<br>- Ifrit: Fire(Essence) Affinity<br>- Undine: Water(Essence) Affinity<br>- Sylph: Air(Essence) Affinity<br>- Cragborn: Earth(Water-Anima) Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you are mixed blood without a specific planesborn heritage you gain no affinity talent, but may select one from the list to ignore resist of creatures.<br>If you are of mixed heritage with more than one planesborn specific heritage you gain the benefits of both your heritages from the list.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Planesight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain darkvision(60) if you did not already possess it. If you already have darkvision, it instead improved to darkvision(120)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat a second time. If you gained darkvision(60) the first time you improve it to darkvision(120), if you gained darkvision(120) you instead gain the see in darkness universal monster ability. You must have at least 8 hit dice to take this feat a second time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Scorching Weapons (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Planesborn(Ifrit), Fire Fist<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The damage from your feat fire fist deals an additional 1d4 damage. In addition you may use a 1 AP action to grant your fire fist bonus to a melee weapon you are currently wielding for 1 minute.<br></p></span></p>