---
share: true
---
This variant rule requires that every unit have a front, back, and sides and provides additional bonuses to an attacker for attacking a defender from the side or the rear. This replaces the normal rules for flanking, and creates a dynamic situation where positioning on the battlefield can be even more important.

When a creature takes any voluntary movement (whether this is from regular movement, a Shift, or a Run action) it declares its facing at the end of the movement. When a creature makes an attack roll, it automatically turns to face the target of the attack (placing the target into one of its front-facing spaces). A creature may, as a Reaction on its turn, change its facing.

Using a square grid, a creature that takes up 1 space will have 8 spaces bordering it: 3 front-facing spaces, 4 side spaces (2 on each side), and 1 rear space. A large sized-creature (which takes up 4 squares) would have 4 front-facing spaces, 6 side spaces (3 on each side), and 2 rear spaces. Larger creatures will have their facing spaces broken down in a similar way.

Using a hex grid, a creature that takes up 1 hex will have 6 spaces bordering it: 3 front-facing spaces, 2 side spaces (1 on each side), and 1 rear space. A large-sized creature (which takes up 3 hexes) will have different spaces of its facing based on whether it has 1 hex as its front side or 2 hexes as its front side. If the large creature is using 1 hex as its front side, it will have 4 front-facing spaces, 4 side-facing spaces (2 on each side), and 1 rear space. If the large creature is using 2 hexes as its front side, it will have 3 front-facing spaces, 4 side-facing spaces (2 on each side), and 2 rear spaces. Larger creatures will have their facing spaces broken down in a similar way.

When a creature is attacked from one of its side-facing spaces, the attacker gains a +2 flanking bonus on attack rolls (whether melee or ranged; ranged attacks that pass through one of the side-facing spaces receive this bonus as well). When a creature is attacked from one of its rear-facing spaces, the attacker gains a +4 flanking bonus instead. Features that improve the bonus granted by flanking (such as the Pack Fighter feat) provide their full bonus in rear-facing spaces and half their bonus in side-facing spaces. Additional effects that apply when an opponent is flanked (such as the Sneak Attack class feature) do not activate from side-facing spaces; these effects only apply to attacks that originate from rear-facing spaces. Additionally, being behind a creature grants concealment from that creature.

If an attacker has a feature that allows it to count as flanking when in a position other than normal flanking positions (such as the Barbarian’s Improved Chieftain savagery) that feature instead provides side-facing bonuses in front-facing spaces and rear-facing bonuses in side-facing spaces. If a creature cannot be flanked (such as from the Uncanny Dodge class feature, or the All-Around Vision universal ability) there is no advantage gained from being behind or to the side of that creature.