---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Human heritage of the Human race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Born Leader (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Tactician, Psy 14<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day as a 3 AP action you may give an inspirational speech to nearby allies, each ally may take one of the following actions:<br>- Move up to 30 feet (provoking as normal).<br>- Make a single attack at their highest base attack bonus.<br>- Make a new will save to end an ongoing mind-affecting effect.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    For every 3 Psyche you possess beyond 14 you may use this feat one additional time per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Defiant Will (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Steel Mind, Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The bonus to Mental saving throws from Steel Mind improves by an additional +1. In addition you may expend your daily use of Steel Mind to substitute your will save in place of a single Resilience or Physical saving throw you are about to make. This decision must be made before you roll you save against the effect, and does not allow you to reroll the effect via the use of Steel Mind, or any other feat that would allow you to reroll a Resilience or Physical save; though other effects that allow the reroll of a Mental save may be used.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Focused Study (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Skill Focus<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may select a single skill, gaining a +2 racial bonus to the selected skill; this may not be the same skill you selected for skill focus.  In addition treat your ranks in the chosen skill as 2 higher for the purposes of any Skill feats you have with an associated skill matching your chosen skill (for example you would treat you ranks in acrobatics as 2 higher for the Acrobatic feat as it is both a Skill feat and has the Acrobatics tag).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Human Ingenuity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day per 5 hit dice you possess (minimum 1), you may roll twice and take the better result on a single skill check.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Improvisation (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Int 13, Human(Human Heritage), Improvisation<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 bonus on any skill checks made for a skill you have no ranks in. In addition, you may use any “trained only” skill untrained<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improvisation (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may use all untrained skills as if you were trained in them (such as knowledge skills). In addition when using Use Magic Device to activate an item blindly you only cause a mishap from failing by three degrees or more rather than two.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Mostly Human (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Mixed Blood<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:     Despite your mixed heritage, many still mistake you for a full human. You gain a +10 bonus on Disguise checks to disguise your non-human aspects.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Scion of Humanity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Human Heritage), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have learned to tap into more of your hidden potential as a human. When you gain this feat you may also choose any feat that you qualify for, you gain the chosen feat as a bonus feat.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may not take this feat if you also have the Mixed Heritage or Mixed Blood feats.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Silver Tongued (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are adept at manipulation and diplomatic relations. You gain a +2 racial bonus on Diplomacy and Bluff checks. In addition when using Diplomacy to improve a creature’s attitude you can shift a creature up to three steps rather than just two.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Squire (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Human Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You spend so long being the squire or gofer for knights and nobility you’ve become quite adept at carrying objects. Treat your strength as 4 higher for the purposes of determining your carrying capacity.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Tactician (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any) or Goblinoid(Hobgoblin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    As a 2 AP action you may quickly shout commands to allies within 30 feet, allowing them to spend a reaction to move 5 feet without provoking attacks of opportunity.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Versatile (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any) or Beastkin(Bestkin Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are talented in your ability to pick up new skills while furthering your vocation. You gain an additional skill rank each level. If this feat is taken after 1st level, its benefits are retroactive. In addition you may use all skills designated “trained only” untrained.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining an additional skill rank for each level<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Weaponmaster (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose two martial or one exotic weapon when you take this feat; you gain proficiency in the chosen weapon(s).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Wizard's Apprentice (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Human Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You spent time studying under a wizard or other powerful magic user. You gain a +2 bonus on knowledge(arcane) and concentration skill checks. In addition you gain a single affinity talent of your choice even if you are not a spellcaster and may use its associated ability at-will as a spell-like ability.<br></p></span></p>