---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Kheldzean heritage of the Human race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Augmented Arms (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Augmented Human, Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Kheldzah had modified your arms, allowing for hidden weaponry. Your arms can integrate any light or one handed weapon (including shields) into them; doing so takes 8 hours of work. If you integrate a shield, it only imparts its strength rating adjustment while deployed. Once completed you can deploy or retract the weapon as a free action. The weapon cannot be removed or disarmed from the arm without being sundered or an additional 8 hours of work. When deployed that hand cannot hold or wield anything else, and you drop anything you were holding before deploying the weapon. When retracted creatures automatically fail perception checks to notice the weapon, though may still notice oddities in your arm (such as seams where the arm would open up), but requires a DC 25 Knowledge(Engineering) check to determine the purpose.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you possess the improved unarmed strike feat, you may increase the damage die of your unarmed strikes by 1 step, and you may instead install an enhancement gem and seal into the arm instead of a weapon, conferring the bonuses to your unarmed strikes.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Augmented Body (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Augmented Human, Augmented Arms, Augmented Legs, Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Kheldzah has modified nearly your entire body. Choose either integrated armor, or dermal plating:<br><br>- Dermal Plating: You've had metal plates put under your skin to make you sturdier without hampering your mobility. You gain a +1 armor bonus, and your body may be enhanced like armor. You lose access to this bonus or any enhancements it possesses when you wear any armor.<br>- Integrated Armor: Your body has been fitted to store armor within. You may integrate a suit of armor with 8 hours of work. Once done you can deploy or retract the armor as a 3 AP action. When retracted the armor does not impart its strength rating requirement. This armor cannot be removed from you without an additional 8 hours of work or if the armor is sundered. Creatures fail to notice the armor while retracted, but may notice something amiss with your body, requiring a DC 25 Knowledge (Engineering) to determine the purpose.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Augmented Heart (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Augmented Human, Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    In addition, you may roll twice and take the better result on the following checks and saves: Tenacity checks made to continue swimming; Tenacity checks made to continue running; Tenacity checks made to avoid nonlethal damage from a forced march; Tenacity checks made to hold your breath; Tenacity checks made to avoid nonlethal damage from starvation or thirst; Resilience saves made to avoid nonlethal damage from hot or cold environments.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Augmented Human (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Kheldzah has outfitted you with implants, starting first with augmented eyes. You gain a +2 bonus on perception checks, and treat the range increment of any ranged weapon you wield as 5 feet longer.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Augmented Legs (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Augmented Human, Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Kheldzah has modified your legs. You gain a +2 racial bonus on athletics checks, and are always treated as having a running start for a jump. In addition Once per day plus an additional time per 5 hit die you possess you may move up to your speed as an reaction, this movement provokes attacks of opportunity as normal, and can only be performed once per round.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Born Leader (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Tactician, Psy 14<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day as a 3 AP action you may give an inspirational speech to nearby allies, each ally may take one of the following actions:<br>- Move up to 30 feet (provoking as normal).<br>- Make a single attack at their highest base attack bonus.<br>- Make a new will save to end an ongoing mind-affecting effect.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    For every 3 Psyche you possess beyond 14 you may use this feat one additional time per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Defiant Will (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Steel Mind, Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The bonus to Mental saving throws from Steel Mind improves by an additional +1. In addition you may expend your daily use of Steel Mind to substitute your will save in place of a single Resilience or Physical saving throw you are about to make. This decision must be made before you roll you save against the effect, and does not allow you to reroll the effect via the use of Steel Mind, or any other feat that would allow you to reroll a Resilience or Physical save; though other effects that allow the reroll of a Mental save may be used.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Focused Study (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Skill Focus<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may select a single skill, gaining a +2 racial bonus to the selected skill; this may not be the same skill you selected for skill focus.  In addition treat your ranks in the chosen skill as 2 higher for the purposes of any Skill feats you have with an associated skill matching your chosen skill (for example you would treat you ranks in acrobatics as 2 higher for the Acrobatic feat as it is both a Skill feat and has the Acrobatics tag).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Human Ingenuity (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day per 5 hit dice you possess (minimum 1), you may roll twice and take the better result on a single skill check.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improvisation (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may use all untrained skills as if you were trained in them (such as knowledge skills). In addition when using Use Magic Device to activate an item blindly you only cause a mishap from failing by three degrees or more rather than two.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Kheldzean Superiority (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your belief in your Kheldzean heritage is so strong it fills you with greater confidence than most. You gain a +3 racial bonus to intimidate checks made against non-Kheldzean creatures, but take a -2 penalty on all bluff and diplomacy skill checks against them.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Kheldzean Supersoldier (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You were experimented on to make a genetic supersoldier for the Kheldzah army. While not entirely successful you do have some benefits over a normal human. You gain a +1 racial bonus to natural armor, and a +2 racial bonus to initiative.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Kheldzean Suplex (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage), Suplex, Base Attack Bonus +6<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are trained in the glorious Kheldzean style of hand to hand combat, improving upon the standard suplex, making it far more effective. The extra damage from suplex improves to 1d8 + Strength modifier. Additionally the opponent is stunned rather than dazed on a failed save.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Latent Potential (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage), Kheldzean Supersoldier<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You’ve awakened additional power from the experiments performed on you. Your land movement speed is increased by 5 feet, and gain a +1 dodge bonus to AC. In addition you gain a stamina pool with a maximum capacity of 2; if you already possess a stamina pool from class levels or gain a stamina pool, you instead gain an additional 2 points to your maximum stamina per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Magic Repellent (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Kheldzean Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Like many Kheldzeans you are both resistant and unskilled in the ways of magic. You gain spell resistance equal to 10 + your character level. You take a -2 penalty to Knowledge(Arcane) checks and to Concentration checks made to cast spells.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    if you possess the ability to cast spells treat your BCB as 2 lower for the purpose of casting spells. If this would reduce your BCB below 1 you are unable to cast spells until you are able to raise your BCB to a minimum of 1.<br>You may spend 1 spell point as a 2 AP action to double this spell resistance until the start of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Mostly Human (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any), Mixed Blood<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:     Despite your mixed heritage, many still mistake you for a full human. You gain a +10 bonus on Disguise checks to disguise your non-human aspects.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Silver Tongued (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are adept at manipulation and diplomatic relations. You gain a +2 racial bonus on Diplomacy and Bluff checks. In addition when using Diplomacy to improve a creature’s attitude you can shift a creature up to three steps rather than just two.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Tactician (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any) or Goblinoid(Hobgoblin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    As a 2 AP action you may quickly shout commands to allies within 30 feet, allowing them to spend a reaction to move 5 feet without provoking attacks of opportunity.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Versatile (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any) or Beastkin(Bestkin Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are talented in your ability to pick up new skills while furthering your vocation. You gain an additional skill rank each level. If this feat is taken after 1st level, its benefits are retroactive. In addition you may use all skills designated “trained only” untrained.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining an additional skill rank for each level<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Weaponmaster (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose two martial or one exotic weapon when you take this feat; you gain proficiency in the chosen weapon(s).<br></p></span></p>