---
share: true
title: Dwarf
---
## Description

**Physical Description**: Dwarves are a short and stocky race, and tend to be around a foot shorter than most humans. Their builds tend to be wider giving them a burly appearance. Beards are a common trait amongst dwarves both male and female; with both generally priding themselves on the length of their hair and beards, and it is not uncommon to see beards either decorated or in braids. While it may not be uncommon for female dwarves to shave their beards, it is generally seen as a social taboo for a male dwarf to do so, and generally only done by dwarves who have left their kingdoms to live amongst other races.

Dwarves are a longer lived race, living for hundreds of years. Unlike the longer lived elves they do age at a steady rate rather than just at the end of their lifespans, though a dwarf’s hair greys much slower and only the truly oldest of dwarves will have pure white hair.

Male dwarves range from 3’ 11” to 4’ 5” and anywhere from 164 to 206 lbs.

Female dwarves range from 3’ 9” to 4’ 3” and anywhere from 134 to 176 lbs.

**Society**: Dwarves tend to live in mountain citadels, with usually entire mountains that they slowly over generations mine out and make home. Dwarves tend to have a love of stonework and metalcraft, and this is shown in the decoration of their homeland, with grand statues, mastercraft arms and armor, and even exquisite jewels and jewelry.

While working by hand is a common thing for dwarves, they tend to also be fairly adept with magic, though not in the same way as others. Their skill in the creation of magical implements and artifice is usually greater than most. This usually exists as a double edged sword for the race as they tend to have a greater supply of even the most basic of magical items, their drive to improve the craft can sometimes be their undoing with some weapons being far too powerful for them to control.

Dwarven societies tend to be monarchies, though generally longer lived heritages than that of human nobilities. This structure and stability of their political hierarchy does mean there are much fewer opportunities for upward mobility in Dwarvey society, though due to the focus on family and heritages most dwarves are happy to carry on the trade of their ancestors with those dissatisfied with their lot being rarer, even more so as these are the dwarves who look to lives outside of their communities. Dwarven Nobility tends to still contain many crafters and artisans of families who have passed down their craft over the years, with their status being easily owed to the sheer value of anything they produce; others may be gifted in the runic magics and artifice. The remaining nobility are usually advisors to the king who help plan and manage the kingdom, as such most of even the nobility of dwarven society is ever working.

**Relations**: While being longer lived this seems to have had very little impact on their culture and mindset and as such unlike elves find themselves generally in friendly relations with humans and other races, with trade with outside lands being very common to import foods and other goods generally uncommon to their mountain environments, while there is almost no end to requests for the expertly crafted goods of the dwarves.

**Type**: Humanoid(Dwarf)

<span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Mountain Dwarf</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Mountain dwarves are the most common type of dwarf and the type that most adventurers have interaction with. These dwarves are usually strong warriors with a passion for stonework. Outside of the occasional priest most mountain dwarves tend to be less magically inclined, usually attributed to their seemingly strong resistance to it.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    (Slow and Steady) 20 feet, their speed cannot be reduced by armor or encumbrance.<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Dwarven<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Darkvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Mountain Dwarves gain a +2 racial bonus to any Profession skill of their choice as well as a +2 racial bonus on all saving throws against poison, diseases, and spells.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Mountain Dwarves +2 racial bonus to any Profession skill of their choice.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Endurance and Focus, -2 penalty to Psyche<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Dwarf<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Mountain Dwarf Feats" href="List of Mountain Dwarf Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Mountain Dwarf Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Runetouched Dwarf</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The Runetouched are a somewhat older heritage of dwarf, usually consisting of some of the upper-class of dwarves, though some exist in the lower class or outside the kingdom, having either quit their craft or left their kingdom to use their skills elsewhere. These dwarves tend to be more impatient than other dwarves, seeking to further their goals or craft despite the risks. Unlike their mountain dwarf cousins the runetouched seem more attuned to magics allowing them greater aptitude with magic.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    (Slow and Steady) 20 feet, their speed cannot be reduced by armor or encumbrance.<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Dwarven<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Darkvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Runetouched Dwarves gain a +4 racial bonus to Use Magic Device. In addition Runetouched dwarves gain Magic Craftsman as a bonus feat.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Runtouched Dwarves +2 racial bonus to Use Magic Device checks.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Endurance and Intelligence, -2 penalty to Focus<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Dwarf<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Runetouched Dwarf Feats" href="List of Runetouched Dwarf Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Runetouched Dwarf Feats</a></p></span></p>