---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to any race or heritage, though the creature must still meet still meet any other prerequisites.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Artifice Aptitude (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Use Magic Device 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Use Magic Device skill checks. You can use the aid action to assist another creature’s Use Magic Device check by attempting a check against the item’s Use Magic Device DC - 10 (minimum DC 10).<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Use Magic Device:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You reduce the DC to activate a magic item blindly by 5.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    If you roll a natural 1 when activating an item, you take a –10 penalty on Use Magic Device checks with that item for 24 hours instead of being unable to activate it. This penalty stacks with itself.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Once per day If you roll a natural 1 when activating an item, you can reroll the check without a penalty to activate the item. You must take the result of the second check, and you can’t reroll it again.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Once per day when equipping a temporary magic item you may make a use magic device check at a DC 20 + your hit dice. If successful you may equip a second temporary magic item at the same time without penalty.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Athletic Climber (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Athletics 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Athletics skill checks made to climb.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Climb.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You are no longer Flat-Footed when climbing.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You may put a piton in a wall as a 2 AP action instead of a full minute, but this hastily placed piton isn’t as reliable and requires a DC 20 Athletics check to climb instead of DC 15.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You can move at half your normal speed while climbing without taking the accelerated climbing action. You may use the accelerated climbing to move at your full speed at a -10 penalty.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You only require a single hand to climb, but when not using both hands to climb you take a -5 penalty on all Athletics checks to climb, this penalty increases to -10 when using accelerated climbing (for a total of -20 to move at full speed with only one hand).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Classically Trained (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Performance 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Pick any two Performance skills. You gain a +2 feat bonus on checks with these two skills.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks in the chosen performance skills:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    Whenever you attempt a Bluff, Diplomacy, or Intimidate check, you can attempt a DC 20 Perform check to gain a +2 circumstance bonus on the check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    If you perform in a city for a full week, roll each day’s income for the performance, at the end multiply the final value by 10.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Your renown as a performer makes you incredibly recognizable, creatures attempting to disguise as you receive a -4 penalty to their disguise checks in addition to the normal familiarity penalties.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Choose one of the following skills: Bluff, Diplomacy, or Intimidate. When you attempt a skill check with that skill, you can also attempt a Perform check and use the better result to determine the success of that skill check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    Rank related bonuses only apply to the specific skills chosen when this feat was initially chosen. If you have the skill focus feat and this feat, it applies to both the skills chosen as part of this feat if you chose one of them as your chosen skill for skill focus.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cliff Leaper (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Athletics 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you are on a cliff, tree, ledge, or similar high and narrow surface you count as having a running start when you jump.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Combat Concentration (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Concentration 1 rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +4 bonus on concentration skill checks when casting defensively, entangled, grappled, or pinned, and on concentration skill checks resulting from taking damage or continuous damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Deceitful (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Bluff 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on all Bluff skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Bluff:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    The sense motive DC for your intended target to understand your secret message is reduced by 5.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    The penalty for a lie is reduced by 5 (minimum 0).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Creatures magically attempting to read your thoughts, or reveal when you are lying must attempt a SPB check (DC = 12 + your ranks in Bluff ) or the effect reveals nothing.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You may feign harmlessness as a reaction anytime a creature notices you.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Deft Hands (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Sleight of Hand 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Sleight of Hand skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Sleight of hand:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You may use sleight of hand in place of your perception and Physical saves to prevent enemies from stealing items from you.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    The penalty for attempting a Sleight of Hand check (including drawing a hidden weapon) as a 2 AP action is reduced to –10.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You can attempt a Sleight of Hand check (including drawing a hidden weapon) on your turn as a reaction at a –20 penalty.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You take no penalty for using Sleight of Hand as a 2 AP action, and take only a –10 penalty when using it as a reaction.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Discerning Eye (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Appraise 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Appraise skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of appraise:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    A successful Appraise check (DC 25 + the item’s BCB) reveals whether an item is magical, though still does not reveal magical properties. You can use Appraise to detect non-written and non-coin forgeries and counterfeits.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You can determine the most expensive object a creature is wearing or wielding (or in a 5-foot cube) as a 3 AP action by succeeding at a DC 20 check. You never make a wildly inaccurate appraisal of an item’s value.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You can determine the magical properties of an item without the assistance of magic with an Appraise check  (DC = 30 + the item’s BCB).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Determining the most expensive object worn by a creature is a 2 AP action, and if the check succeeds, you gain a +4 circumstance bonus to MSBto steal that object or disarm a creature of that object for 1 minute.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Specialist (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Focused Element<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Spells cast which use the affinity of your focused element treat the target’s spell resistance as 5 lower, plus 5 for every 10 BCB you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Escape Mastery (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Escape Artist 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Escape Artist skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of escape artist:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    If you take a –6 penalty you may reduce the AP cost by 1 to attempt to escape a grapple, pin, or entangle.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You can reduce the AP cost to escape an entangle effect by an additional 1. You can, as a purely mental 3 AP action, attempt to suppress a slow or paralysis effect with an Escape Artist check (increasing the original DC by 10). If you succeed the effect is suppressed for 1 round, plus an additional round for every 5 which you beat the DC.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may reduce the time to squeeze through a tight space from 1 minute to a 4 AP action, if it would take multiple minutes it only requires a 4 AP action per minute that would have been required normally.) You may now also attempt to suppress a slow or paralysis effect as a 2 AP action by increasing the original DC by 15.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You can attempt to escape being entangled, grappled, or pinned as a 1 AP action with an Escape Artist check (DC = the effect’s DC + 10 or the attacker’s MSB + 20). You may now also attempt to suppress a slow or paralysis effect as a 1 AP action by increasing the original DC by 20. You may only attempt these 1 AP actions once per round against one of these effects.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Flying Ace (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Acrobatics(Fly) 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Fly skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of fly:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You may now hover without making a check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You are considered one size category larger when determining wind effects on acrobatics checks to fly.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You reduce the check to fly straight up by 5 when flying at either half or full speed.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You treat your maneuverability as one higher when determining any bonuses or penalties to acrobatics checks to fly. If your maneuverability was already perfect you instead get a +2 bonus on any checks made to overcome being checked or blown away by wind.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hidden Scent (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Stealth 1 rank, Survival 1 rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Creatures cannot use the scent ability to track you. Creatures with scent can detect your presence by smell at half the normal distance, but cannot pinpoint your location with scent.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Honed Senses (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Perception 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Perception skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of perception:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to Perception checks when you are sleeping is halved. The distance modifier on the DC of Perception checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 20 feet.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    The distance modifier on the DC of Perception checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 30 feet. In addition, you gain a +5 bonus on Perception checks to notice or locate an invisible creature or object.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You remain alert to sounds even in your sleep, and the normal DC increase to Perception checks when you are sleeping doesn’t apply to you. The distance modifier on the DC of your Perception checks is reduced to +1 per 40 feet.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You gain a +10 bonus on Perception checks to notice invisible creatures or objects. The distance modifier on the DC of Perception checks you attempt is reduced to +1 per 60 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Jockey (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Ride 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 feat bonus on Ride skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of ride:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    Your mount gains a +2 bonus on Resilience(End) saves or Tenacity checks to avoid becoming fatigued or exhausted. This bonus increases by 1 for every 5 ranks beyond 5 you possess in Ride.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    When you spur your mount, its speed is increased by 20 feet, and it gains a +2 bonus on Reflex saves and a +2 dodge bonus to AC.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    When an opponent targets you or your mount with a reposition or trip combat maneuver while you are mounted, you can substitute the result of a Ride check in place of your (or your mount’s) Physical save.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    When you spur your mount, its speed is increased by 30 feet, and it gains a +4 bonus on Reflex saves and a +4 dodge bonus to AC.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Leaper (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Athletics 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on all Athletics.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of athletics:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    In addition the Athletics check needed for each foot of a vertical jump is reduced by 1 (requiring only 3 per foot of a vertical jump rather than 4).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    When jumping, you may increase your maximum jump distance by your speed ( turning 2x to 3x speed, and 3x to 4x speed).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You can use athletics in place of acrobatics when failing a jump to reduce the distance fallen. In addition you treat the distance you fall as a number of feet shorter equal to the height of your jump if falling after a jump, effectively negating any distance jumped vertically for damage from falling.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You double the result of any Athletics check when jumping and never fall prone at the end of a fall as long as you remain conscious.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Lie Detector (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Sense Motive 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Sense motive skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of sense motive:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You can attempt to see through a creature’s disguise at a -5 penalty using sense motive.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You may perform a Sense Motive check (DC 30) to determine a creature’s current disposition towards you for the purposes of diplomacy or intimidate checks to improve a creature’s attitude. If you succeed you gain a +2 competence bonus on the next diplomacy or intimidate check you perform on that creature to improve their attitude.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may once per day reroll a failed Sense Motive check, but must take the second result even if it's worse.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    After 1 minute of conversation, you can read a creature’s surface thoughts (immediate thoughts, but not memories) by attempting a Sense Motive check at a –10 penalty opposed by the creature’s Bluff check.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Magic Craftsman (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select a single profession skill. You may use your ranks in this profession skill as your BCB and the associated ability score as your CAM to qualify and perform crafting with magic items and enhancement. You may craft or enhance any type of magic item using this crafting skill, using your own way to form the magicks required in the process (chiseling the magic runes, weaving arcane thread, forging magick metals, etc..). You may select this feat more than once, each time selecting a new profession skill to apply this to.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Master Magic Craftsman (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Magic Craftsman, Profession(Any) 10 ranks<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may use your profession skill you selected from magic craftsman in place of the usual check (usually BCB + CAM), allowing you the full bonus of your profession skill.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Medic’s Training (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Medic 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Medic skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of medic:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You can provide first aid to stop a bleed effect as a 2 AP action.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You may treat deadly wounds in one minute by raising the Medic DC by 5. When treating deadly wounds over an hour you only need to expend one use of a field surgery kit, rather than two, to gain the additional benefits.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may treat deadly wounds an additional time per day per 5 ranks of the Medic skill you possess.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    When providing long term care, you may attempt to remove ability drain by raising the DC by an additional 15 (to 30 for long term care or 35 for treat deadly wounds).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Method Actor (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Disguise 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Disguise skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of disguise:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You halve the penalties for attempting to disguise yourself as a different race, gender, or age category.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You can create a disguise in 1d3 rounds.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Creatures familiar with someone you’re impersonating receive only half the bonus to their perception checks to see through your disguise.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Creatures magically attempting to scry on you, detect your alignment, or reveal your identity(such as reading your thoughts) must attempt a caster level check (DC = 11 + your ranks in Disguise) or they receive information based on your current disguise (such as the alignment of the person you’re impersonating).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Poison Use (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession(Toxicologist) 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 feat bonus on checks made with Profession(Toxicologist) checks, and cannot accidentally poison yourself when crafting poison, applying poison to a weapon, or when you roll a natural 1 on an attack roll.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks in Profession(Toxicologist) skills:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You reduce the AP cost to apply poison to a weapon by 1 AP (minimum 0).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    For every 4 ranks of Profession(Toxicologist) you possess your poisons last on your weapons for an additional hit.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may increase the DC of Harvested Poisons by 2 when crafting them into preserved poisons and reduce the cost by 5% (usually from 75% to 70%)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    When crafting poisons you may increase the cost of a poison by 25% to improve the DC of the poison; rather than the usual increase to DC available with crafting the DC instead scale on your ranks of Profession(Toxicologist), calculated at 10 + ½ Ranks of Profession(Toxicologist) + your Intelligence Modifier. If you use a different ability score for Profession(Toxicologist) you may use that ability score instead of intelligence.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Potion Adept (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession(Potioner) 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 feat bonus on checks made with Profession(Potioner), and may consume one additional potion per day before gaining the effects of potion sickness.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks in Profession(Potioner) skill:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    The DC to craft a potion no longer increases for lacking the associated affinity talent of the spell.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    Potions you consume are treated 1 BCB higher for determining their effects.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Potions you attempt to craft are treated as having 1 less complexity (minimum 0) for the purposes of determining their cost and DC to craft.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Potions you consume with only 1 round of duration instead last for 2 rounds.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Prodigy (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose two Perform or Profession skills in any combination. You receive a +2 bonus on checks with these skills. If you have 10 or more ranks in any one of these skills, the bonus increases to +4 for that skill.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You can gain this feat multiple times. Its effects do not stack. Each time you take the feat, it applies to two new skills.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Professional (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose a Laborer Profession skill, you get a +2 feat bonus on Profession checks with the chosen type.<br><br>As you gain ranks you gain additional benefits:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    When using Profession checks to earn income, you earn gold pieces equal to the result of your check each day.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    When attempting Profession checks, you can roll twice and take the better result. When answering questions about your Profession, you can always take 10.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You multiply your resulting check by 10 to determine gold earned that day.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You can use your profession check twice per day to earn gold.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Scholar (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Knowledge 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Pick any two Knowledge skills. You gain a +2 feat bonus on checks with these two skills.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks in the chosen Knowledge skills:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    When you successfully identify a creature, you gain one additional piece of information for every 5 ranks you possess in that Knowledge skill.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    Whenever you successfully identify a creature you gain a +1 competence bonus per 5 ranks you have in your chosen knowledge skill on all other skill checks relating to that creature for 1 hour. If you successfully use knowledge to identify a location (such as a region, city, or landscape), you gain a +1 competence bonus per 5 ranks you have in your chosen knowledge skill on other skill checks within that location (such as identifying a region or landscape giving a bonus to survival checks, GM discretion).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    When you fail a Knowledge check, you can reroll the check at a –10 penalty. Once per day you may use a Knowledge check in place of a bluff, diplomacy, or intimidate check against a creature you’ve identified, of the same type of knowledge skill used to identify that creature, and selected with this feat.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Whenever you attempt a Knowledge check, you can roll twice and take the better result.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    Rank related bonuses only apply to the specific skills chosen when this feat was initially chosen. If you have the skill focus feat and this feat, it applies to both the skills chosen as part of this feat if you chose one of them as your chosen skill for skill focus. You can gain this feat multiple times, selecting two additional knowledge skills each time. If you have the skill focus feat for one of those skills, it applies to both of the newly selected skills.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Scroll Adept (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Use Magic Device 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 feat bonus on checks made with Use Magic Device, and no longer increase the DC to use Use Magic Device to decipher a scroll in place of Knowledge(Arcana).<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks in Use Magic Device skill:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You reduce the DC increase for not possessing the base spell of the scroll by 5.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    Scrolls you activate are treated 1 BCB higher for determining their effects<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Scrolls you craft are treated as having a 1 less complexity (minimum 0) for the purposes of determining their cost to craft.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:     You may duplicate a scroll at the normal crafting cost to create that scroll as normal without consuming the contents of the source scroll.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Sea Legs (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession(Sailor) 1 Rank, Must be taken at 1st level<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have spent most of your life on the sea, and have greater aptitude than most when dealing with ships. You gain a +2 feat bonus on Profession(Sailor) checks as long as you have a rank in this skill.<br><br>As you gain ranks you gain additional benefits:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You no longer gain the sickened or nauseated condition from seasickness.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You gain a +2 competence bonus to climbing on a ship.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You gain a +2 competence bonus to any athletics checks you make to swim.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You gain a +1 competence bonus on attack rolls and AC when fighting on the deck of a ship.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    A character that has spent considerable time on a ship (usually months, but this may be determined by the GM), may take this feat later than 1st level.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Self-Sufficient (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Profession 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose a Crafter Profession skill, you get a +2 feat bonus on Profession checks with the chosen type.<br><br>As you gain ranks you gain additional benefits:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You can repair items with the destroyed condition by increasing the DC by 15 and paying 1/5th of the item’s base cost, this restores the item to 1 hit point plus an additional 1d6, the item may then repair the item as normal.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    When determining your daily progress, double the result of your Profession check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Pick another crafter profession, you may now also craft the items detailed under that profession in addition to your chosen profession.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You can craft magic armor, magic weapons, magic rings, and wondrous items that fall under your category of Craft using the normal Craft rules.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Skill Focus (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose a single skill, You get a +2 bonus on all checks involving the chosen skill. In addition treat your ranks in the chosen skill as 5 higher for the purposes of any Skill feats you have with an associated skill matching your chosen skill (for example you would treat you ranks in acrobatics as 5 higher for the Acrobatic feat as it is both a Skill feat and has the Acrobatics tag).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If a class feature would grant you skill focus, you may still select skill focus as normal despite normally being unable to take skill focus more than once; but you must select a different skill.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Sneaky Vagabond (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 bonus on Stealth checks when others are actively trying to find you. In crowds, this bonus increases to +4. Additionally, you gain a +2 circumstance bonus on Diplomacy and Knowledge (Local) checks when trying to find a place to hide.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Steady Hands (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Disable Device 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on all Disable Device skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Disable Device:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    Reduce the time required to disarm a trap or open a lock by taking a –10 penalty on your Disable Device check for each step by which you reduce the time required to a 5 AP action. You may take an additional -5 penalty to reduce the AP cost of this action by 1 to a minimum of 1 AP. This reduced action must be taken on your turn, and may only be performed once per round regardless if you would be able to perform the action multiple times.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You can disarm magical traps at a –10 penalty even if you normally lack the ability. If you possess the ability to disable magic traps already, when attempting to disable magic traps, you never trigger them, even if you perform the trigger action (such as looking at a symbol). If you fail the check, you can still trigger the trap, and you can’t use this ability to bypass it.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    Once per day you may roll a disable device check to disable a trap twice and take the better result. You must declare this use before performing the disable device check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    When triggering a trap, you can attempt a Disable Device check as a reaction to disable the trap. If you succeed the trap is disabled and you are not attacked by the trap, if you fail you are subject to attack from the trap as normal. This may not be used on a trap which you triggered by failing the disable device check by 5 or more.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Stealthy (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Stealth 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Stealth skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of stealth:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You may use Stealth in place of Sleight of Hand to conceal a weapon.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You half the penalties for trying to hide behind or under a creature.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You can hide behind creatures the same size as you, and under creatures one creature larger than you.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You can perform the charge and run action while stealthing at a -10 penalty to your stealth check.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Strong Swimmer (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Athletics 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Athletics skill checks made to swim.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of swim:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You can move up to half your speed as a move action by taking a -5 penalty on your Athletics check to swim.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You can take a 10 at any time while swimming, even during stormy weather.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may add your ranks in Athletics to your constitution modifier for determining the number of rounds you can hold your breath.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You gain a swim speed equal to your base speed in all water; this includes the +8 racial bonus to Athletics checks to swim.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Threatening Demeanor (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intimidate 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Intimidate skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of Intimidate.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    Once per day you can treat an intimidate roll to improve a creature's attitude towards you as if you had used diplomacy Instead. You must declare you are using this ability before making the check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    When using Intimidate to influence a creature’s attitude it instead lasts hours instead of minutes.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You treat yourself as one size category larger for the purposes of determining bonuses or penalties to intimidate a creature.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    Once per day you can use intimidate to influence a creature's attitude as an reaction, requiring no conversation; the creature must still be able to see you for this ability to work. In addition you may use intimidate in place of diplomacy to improve a creature’s attitude twice per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Trapfinder (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Disable Device 5 ranks<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You can use disable device on magical traps.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Unflinching Focus (Skill)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Concentration 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 feat bonus on Concentration skill checks.<br><br>You gain additional benefits as you gain ranks of concentration:<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>5 Ranks</b>:    You may make a DC 20 concentration check before making another skill check as a 4 AP action. If you succeed you gain a +2 insight bonus on that skill check.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>10 Ranks</b>:    You may make a concentration check as a 2 AP action at a DC 25, if you succeed you are allowed to take a 10 on your next skill check even if you would normally be unable to.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>15 Ranks</b>:    You may use the rank 5 ability as a 2 AP action by increasing the DC by +10.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>20 Ranks</b>:    You may take a 10 on concentration checks even when you would otherwise be unable to.<br></p></span></p>