---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to any race or heritage, though the creature must still meet still meet any other prerequisites.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Feral Child (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You were raised by animals, or were altered in some way granting you a more bestial nature, possibly even physical alterations to your appearance. You begin play illiterate, and do not gain additional languages for having a high intelligence, but you gain the ability to speak with animals as if you shared a common language.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Giant's Grace (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:     Race of Large Sized or greater.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You reduce any size penalties from being larger than medium by 1. This cannot reduce the penalty below 0. This feat only functions for races naturally larger than medium sized and does not provide a benefit to races temporarily enlarged (but continues to function on a creature temporarily reduced).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Larger Than Life (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant’s Grip<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may treat yourself as 1 size category larger than you are when it would be advantageous to do so (such as for calculating MSB, Physical Save against maneuvers, determining carrying capacity, and the bonus or penalty on intimidate checks), but this does not allow you to wear or wield equipment that is inappropriate for your size and does not increase your natural reach. When wielding an oversized weapon, you reduce the penalty on attack rolls by 1 point.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Magical Creature (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    2 or more HD from a creature class, 2 more more HD from a magic or hybrid class<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may treat half your levels in creature classes as spellcasting classes for determining abilities such as SPB. This does not improve resource pools from such classes such as Stamina, Mystic, or Spell Point pools.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Martial Creature (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    2 or more HD from a creature class, 2 more more HD from a martial or hybrid class<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may treat half your levels in creature classes as martial classes for determining abilities such as MPB. This does not improve resource pools from such classes such as Stamina, Mystic, or Spell Point pools.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Mixed Blood (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose a heritage, other than your own, even if it's from a different race. You gain the subtypes of the chosen heritage, may select Racial feats from the chosen race in addition to your own, and count as both of these races for the purpose of prerequisites and effects that rely on race.<br><br>You do not gain any other aspects of this race (such as their stat adjustments, vision types, or starting trait), nor do you gain an associated lineage (as such you may only select feats available to any lineage of that race). In addition you may learn a single language from the other race’s heritage in addition to your base race’s starting languages.<br><br>Finally you gain the Mixed Blood trait of the selected heritage. This does not allow you to gain the Mixed Blood trait of your primary race or heritage.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    When taking this feat you no longer take a penalty for disguising yourself as a member of the other race chosen as part of this feat; though you still must make disguise checks if you wish to hide a specific heritage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Noble Born (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Choose a region, country, or other similar place that your nobility descends from, you gain a +2 bonus on Knowledge(Region) skill checks for identifying nobility, royalty or lineages for that region. Additionally, choose two of the benefits listed below that match the flavor of your noble family. Work with your GM to ensure that your choice is appropriate:<br><br>- Choose one skill besides Knowledge (Region). You gain a +1 bonus to that skill.<br>- Once per day per 5 hit die you possess (minimum 1) when you take a 10 on a skill check, you may treat the result as though you had rolled a 13 instead of a 10.<br>- You gain two bonus languages. You gain a +1 bonus on diplomacy checks when interacting with creatures who share one of these languages.<br>- Choose a skill. While you are within your home region, you may take a 10 on this skill even while rushed or threatened.<br>- You gain a +2 bonus on Diplomacy, Bluff, and Sense Motive checks when interacting with nobles or members of a noble court.<br>- Once per day as a free action, you can suppress any fear effects affecting you for a number of rounds equal to half your charisma modifier even if you could not normally take actions due to your fear.<br>- Once per day, you can roll twice for a skill check and take the better result.<br>- As part of rolling initiative, you can attempt a Bluff check as a free action to feint against a creature or an Intimidate check to demoralize a creature. This can only affect creatures that act after you in the initiative count.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Racial Paragon (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Character level 5th<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You reduce the penalty to a single attribute from your race by 2 (minimum 0); (for example a Cambion would reduce their -2 penalty to Focus to 0). This may only be taken by races that grant a penalty to an ability score.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Reinforced Constitution (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain one additional hit point per hit die you possess.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat more than once, each time gaining an additional hit point per hit die you possess. This feat may be taken a maximum of once per 2 hit dice you possess.<br></p></span></p>