---
share: true
---
Magic feats are a style of feat that are generally meant for casters, by making improvements to their spellcasting abilities, creating unique interactions for spells, or allowing the bypassing of some casting limitations.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Advanced Spellstrike (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Spellstrike meta talent<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may treat the attack with the spellstrike talent as a Focused Attack action, and thus the attack made with this may be combined with other effects that modify the Focused Attack action such as charging or making additional attack. When treating the spellstrike as a Focused Attack this uses the AP cost of the spell being cast as the base AP cost of this Focused Attack (before other adjustments such as charging). Spells with an AP cost less than 3, or that have their AP cost reduced, such as with quicken spell, below 3 cannot be treated as Focused Attacks with this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Anchoring Spellstrike (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Spellstrike meta talent, Anchored Spell, Base Attack Bonus +2, Base Casting Bonus +2<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When using spellstrike to make a ranged attack with an arrow or crossbow bolt you may apply a single area of effect spell to it as part of spellstrike, treating the arrow as your spell anchor. If your attack fails to hit its target roll a d8 to determine where it lands adjacent to your intended target; if you successfully hit your spell does not automatically go off but you treat the creature’s square as the landing point of the arrow. Once the attack resolves the area of effect spell is automatically cast using the location of the arrow as the point of origin. Once the spell is cast the arrow reverts and is no longer a spell anchor unless you spend an additional spell point as part of this ability to make it a spell anchor with the usual duration.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Armored Caster (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Proficiency in light or heavy armor; Casting<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the ability to cast while wearing light armor. You still automatically fail all casting in heavy armor. This feat only functions with armor you are proficient with; you still fail at casting when casting in armor you are not proficient with.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat a second time, gaining the ability to cast in both light and heavy armor.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Concurrent Concentration (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting, Base Casting Bonus +2<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The AP required to concentrate on an ongoing spell is reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1). Additionally, you may concentrate on more than one spell at a time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Defensive Caster (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting, Concentration 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Before casting a spell defensively you may also choose to fight defensively, gaining the benefits and penalties of fighting defensively. You take the attack roll penalty from fighting defensively to your concentration skill check until the start of your next turn; but do not stop fighting defensively even if you do fail to cast defensively.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elemental Superconductor (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Focused Element, Elemental Specialist<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you receive damage from a spell matching the affinity of your focused element, until the end of your next turn you gain +1 on save attack rolls using that element, treat any spell resistance as 5 lower when casting spells which use that elemental affinity, and add your BCB to any damage of that affinity’s associated damage type dealt by a spell that you cast (but no more than once per round to any target).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    This effect does not trigger if the elemental damage you would take is prevented by Resist or Immunity, or was delayed damage that would have been taken in an earlier round.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Expanded Affinity (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting, at least one Affinity talent.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Select up to two affinity talents you possess, you gain the Essence and Anima affinities of those affinity talents regardless of your original choice. If you only have a single affinity talent when gaining this feat you gain both the Essence and Anima affinities of the next affinity talent you gain<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time selecting an additional two affinity talents (or granting its effects to the next affinity talent(s) you gain should not have valid affinity talents to select). You cannot select the same affinity talent more than once with this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Extra Magic Talent (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may select an additional magic talent and gain it as a bonus talent. You must meet all the prerequisites of this talent to select it.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this more than once, each time selecting a different magic talent.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Extra Spell Point (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Spell Pool class feature.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your spell pool total increases by 2.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    A character may take this feat more than once. The effects stack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Irresistible Element (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Focused Element, Elemental Specialist<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When casting a spell of your focused element’s affinity that matches your element’s associated damage, you are more capable at bypassing your target’s defenses. Treat any Resist as 1 lower per 5 BCB (minimum 1). This cannot reduce a creature’s Resist below 0.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Magical Maneuver Mastery (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting, Maneuver Keyword Spell<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may use your SPB in place of your BCB for maneuver keyword spells for the purpose of determining your MSB; using your SPB in the place of BCB for determining your effective BAB for the maneuver. If your BCB is already equal to your SPB, you instead gain a +2 feat bonus to MSB with such spells; this has no effect on your normal MSB.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Spell (Magic)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Casting<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are considered to be holding your implement while polymorphed if your implement was merged into your new form as part of the polymorph. Additionally, your polymorphed form may substitute its own sounds for verbal spell components, even if it would not normally have a mouth. This effect only applies to polymorph spells cast by yourself.<br></p></span></p>