---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to all creatures, though the creature must still meet still meet any other prerequisites.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Extra Mystic Pool (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Mystic Pool class feature.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your mystic pool total increases by 2.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    A character may take this feat more than once. The effects stack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Extra Talent (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain one additional Talent for your class if your class has a feature that allows additional talents or abilities to be bought by this feat (detailed on each class), you must meet all of the prerequisites for this talent. You may not select the "Extra Combat Feat" or "Extra Martial Feat" talents.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    A character may take this feat more than once, selecting a new talent each time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Fleet (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your base speed increases by 10 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Great Fortitude (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 bonus on all Resilience saving throws. Once per day, you may reroll a Resilience save. You must decide to use this ability before the results are revealed. You must take the second roll, even if it is worse.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the ability to spend stamina, you may spend 1 point of stamina 4 AP action to regain the use of this ability for the day. In addition, classes with the stamina class feature, but not the mystic pool feature, may treat this feat as a martial feat for the purposes of class feature that allow them to select martial feats as a bonus feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Initiative (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +4 bonus on initiative checks.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the ability to spend stamina, you may spend 1 point of stamina when rolling initiative to roll twice and take the better of the two results. You must decide to use this ability before rolling.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Lightning Reflexes (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 bonus on all Physical saving throws. Once per day, you may reroll a Physical save. You must decide to use this ability before the results are revealed. You must take the second roll, even if it is worse.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the ability to spend stamina, you may spend 1 point of stamina as a 4 AP action to regain the use of this ability for the day. In addition, classes with the stamina class feature, but not the mystic pool feature, may treat this feat as a martial feat for the purposes of class feature that allow them to select martial feats as a bonus feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Run (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When running, you move five times your normal speed. If you make a jump after a running start (see Athletics), you gain a +4 bonus on your Athletics check. While running, you are no longer Flat-Footed.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the ability to spend stamina, you may spend 1 point of stamina as part of a move action to treat your base speed as double for that movement. You may only use this ability once per round.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Steel MInd (General)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You get a +2 bonus on all Mental saving throws. Once per day, you may reroll a Mental save. You must decide to use this ability before the results are revealed. You must take the second roll, even if it is worse.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the ability to spend stamina, you may spend 1 point of stamina as a 4 AP action to regain the use of this ability for the day. In addition, classes with the stamina class feature, but not the mystic pool feature, may treat this feat as a martial feat for the purposes of class feature that allow them to select martial feats as a bonus feat.<br></p></span></p>