---
title: Beastkin
share: true
---
## Description

**Physical Description**: Beastkin, or known to some as the demihumans, are a race of human-like creatures who have some animalistic traits. Usually these traits manifest simply as animal-like ears and tails, though others may also have sharper fangs and claws. With these traits hidden though it's generally difficult to tell one apart from a standard human.

While visibly close to normal humans, even if their origins were once human, their physical abilities have definitely diverged much from normal humans over time, tending to be quite strong or agile, and sometimes in times of stress reverting to creatures of instinct.

The oddest part of beastkin is that their beastial features seem to follow no set pattern of heritage, as such a parent with fox-like ears and tails, may produce an offspring with features like a cat, with only hair color being similar between parent and child. This leads to beastkin looking somewhat more diverse even within small communes.

**Society**: Beastkin society depends largely on the opinion of the area on them. This is because the origin of beastkin is uncertain, ranging from stories of magic that twisted humans, ancient curses, or simply dark offspring of man and beast. There is no real information available as beastkin history is not well recorded, nor is their society well organized. As such beastkin exist as part of standard human societies in the ones they are welcome within, otherwise they exist in small villages and communes to escape the prejudices of their human neighbors.

**Relations**: Due to their lifespans being close to that of humans, they tend to never integrate well into the Dwarven or Elven societies either, though from time to time some beastkin have been found to live near or with wood elves.

Otherwise beastkin relations mostly depend on the local human’s view on the race, with some kingdoms treating them similar to other citizens, to others who actively hunt them down, viewing them as a blight upon their lands.

**Type**: Humanoid(Beastkin)

<span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Beastkin</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The most human-like of the beastkin, only having the ears and tails that set them apart from humans. Demihumans tend to find it easiest to integrate into human societies, and find work within them.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Human<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Being similar to humans, beastkin may select one extra feat at 1st level.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Beastkin gain 1 additional skill point per level.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to a single ability score of their choice.<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Beastkin<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Beastkin Feats" href="List of Beastkin Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Beastkin Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Feral-born</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The feral-born seem to be closer to animals, generally having animal-like eyes, fangs, and claws, in addition to the features of normal beastkin, with some having fur like an animal. Their physical ability is greater than that of others, but their mind and temperament can be also more to that of animals. These beastkin tend to not integrate well into most societies, and some even actively hunt the feral-born.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    35 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Human<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Feral-Born may begin with their choice of 2 claw natural weapons (1d4), or a bite natural weapon (1d6). In addition Feral-Born receive the Feral Child feat as a bonus feat.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Feral-born gain their choice of 2 claw natural weapons (1d4), or a bite natural weapon (1d6)<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and Agility, -2 penalty to Intelligence.<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Beastkin<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Feral-born Feats" href="List of Feral-born Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Feral-born Feats</a></p></span></p>