---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Beastkin heritage of the Beastkin race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Badger Blood (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your heritage is more closely tied to that of badgers. You gain a +4 racial bonus against all fear effects. When under the effects of an ongoing fear effect you receive a roll each round to reduce the effect by 1 step, against the same save attack as the original effect (Cowering to Frightened to Shaken to none).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Beast Senses (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain one of the following benefits if you do not already possess it:<br><br>- Darkvision 60 feet<br>- Scent<br>- Low-Light Vision<br>- +4 racial bonus on sound-based perception checks.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining a different ability from the list you do not already possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Beast’s Claws (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your beast-like features are more developed granting you natural weapons. You gain your choice of a pair of claws dealing 1d4 damage, or a bite dealing 1d6 damage.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat a second time gaining the natural weapon you did not select the first time.<br><br>If you are a Feral-born beastkin, you may choose to instead of gaining a new natural weapon improve the damage of your existing natural weapon by 1 step (1d4 to 1d6, 1d6 to 1d8).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Climber (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a climb speed of 20 feet (along with the +8 racial bonus on climb checks a climb speed grants).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Coordinated Tail (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any) or Planesborn(Cambion); Unusual Grip, Prehensile Tail<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When wielding weapons in your tail using the unusual grip feat you do not take the -2 penalty to attack rolls for doing so. You can also now use your tail to grab unattended items within 5 feet as a 1 AP action.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cornered Fury (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you are reduced to half or fewer hit points, and have no conscious ally within 30 feet, you gain a +2 racial bonus on all melee attack rolls and to AC.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Feline Blood (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your heritage is more closely tied to that of felines. You always land on your feet even when taking lethal damage from a fall. In addition you gain a +2 racial bonus to saves against trip and reposition combat maneuvers.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Independent Fighter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Feline Blood<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When not receiving a flanking bonus, adjacent to any ally, or receiving a bonus from aid another; you gain an +1 bonus on all attack and damage rolls.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Sprinter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any) or Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +10 racial bonus to your speed when using the charge or run actions. You also gain a +4 racial bonus on athletics checks made to jump when you have a running start.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Nimble Striker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any) or Beastkin(Any); BAB +1<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You do not take a -2 penalty to AC when using the charge action, or when using the cleave or duelist lunge feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Pack Fighter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Wolf Blood<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are adept at working in a group. When flanking both you and the ally you are flanking with gain an additional +1 bonus to hit. In addition you grant an additional +1 bonus on aid checks.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Predator’s Leap (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 racial bonus bonus to initiative and survival checks, and are always treated as having a running start for a jump.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Predator’s Pounce (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), BAB+11, Agi 15, Predator’s Leap, Nimble Striker, Beastkin Sprinter<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you charge, you may make an extra attack at the end of your charge.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Prehensile Tail (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any) or Planesborn(Cambion)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have a long, flexible tail that you can use to carry objects. You cannot wield weapons with your tail, but the tail allows you to retrieve a stowed object carried on your person as a reaction on your turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Small Stature (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your beastkin heritage is tied to a much smaller type of creature. Your size is reduced permanently by 1 step, gaining the usual bonuses and penalties for this adjustment in size.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Versatile (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Human(Any) or Beastkin(Bestkin Heritage)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are talented in your ability to pick up new skills while furthering your vocation. You gain an additional skill rank each level. If this feat is taken after 1st level, its benefits are retroactive. In addition you may use all skills designated “trained only” untrained.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining an additional skill rank for each level<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Wolf Blood (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Beastkin(Any), Must be taken at 1st level.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your heritage is more closely tied to that of wolves. You gain the scent ability as well as a +4 racial bonus to survival checks made to track creatures, and to perception locate creatures. If you already possess the scent special ability or later gain it you instead no longer take the penalty from sensing creatures downwind.<br></p></span></p>