---
share: true
title: Halfling
---
## Description

**Physical Description**: Halflings are a much smaller race, usually around 3 feet in height. Halflings seem odd to other races, preferring to walk barefoot, which exposes the tufts of hair on the top of their broad feet. Other than this halflings look a decent bit like smaller humans, with their other notable feature being their pointed ears, though generally similar size to a human’s rather than being long like an elf.

**Society**: Halfings tend to live in small villages rather than cities, keeping to a quieter farming life. Some halflings exist within human societies as well, living out their lives within the cities. Halflings live in an odd balance of being both the type to seek out peace and quiet and causing mischief; usually of the harmless variety, but their small stature and penchant for trouble can lead them quickly into a life of thievery in the large cities.

**Relations**: To this adaptability halflings tend to live in relative harmony with other races, generally capable of having a connection to both nature and civilization. As such it is not uncommon for even a halfling village to be under the rule of another kingdom, simply left alone or traded with for their quality crops, and not much more.

**Type**: Humanoid(Halfling)

<span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Fleetfoot Halfling</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Fleetfoot halflings are the more common variety of halfing to be seen within human settlements, having adapted to a quicker pace to keep up with the longer strides of the other races.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Small<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Halfling<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Fleetfoot Halflings gain a +4 racial bonus on Bluff checks. In addition Fleetfoot are adept and blending into a crowd, as such gain a +4 bonus to stealth checks to hide behind a creature a size category larger than them or to move at full speed when stealthed.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Fleetfoot gain a +2 bonus to move at full speed when stealthed.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Agility and Psyche, -2 penalty to Strength<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Halfling<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Fleetfoot Halfling Feats" href="List of Fleetfoot Halfling Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Fleetfoot Halfling Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Shireling Halfling</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The Shireling is a much more peace loving variant of Halfling, tending to keep as farmers and not leave their villages. This is not to say they cannot be strong fighters, as they can be adept hunters and deadly with a sling. As such rarely witnessed, but these halflings have been known to hold their own against smaller groups of potential invaders or bandits to their villages.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Small<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    20 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Halfling<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Shireling Halflings gain a +2 racial bonus on all Profession(Farmer) or Profession(Chef) checks, your choice. In addition Shirelings are automatically proficient in all Sling keyword weapons, in addition any Sling keyword weapon they gain proficiency with from another source (such as a feat or class feature), they may instead wield slings of that type sized one size category larger than them (usually medium) without needing to increase the number of hands require to wield it, nor do they take a penalty (for example a hafling could still wield a medium sling in one hand without penalty).<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Shirelings gain a +1 racial bonus on attack rolls with Sling keyword weapons.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Agility and Endurance, -2 penalty to Strength<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Halfling<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Shireling Halfling Feats" href="List of Shireling Halfling Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Shireling Halfling Feats</a></p></span></p>