---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Shireling Halfling heritage of the Hafling race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Adaptable Fortune (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Halfling Luck, Adaptable Luck<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain an additional use per day of adaptable luck. In addition the luck bonus from adaptable luck improves by an additional 2.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Adaptable Luck (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Halfling Luck<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Up to three times per day, you may gain a +2 luck bonus on an ability check, attack roll, saving throw, or skill check. You must choose to use this ability before you make the roll or check. Using adaptive luck in this way is not an action.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Blundering Defense (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Cautious Fighter, Defensive Stance<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in defensive stance and fighting defensively or using the total defense action, all allies adjacent to you gain ½ your dodge bonus from these actions as a luck bonus to their AC.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cautious Fighter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Defensive Stance<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    While in defensive stance, you gain an additional +2 dodge bonus when using total defense or when fighting defensively.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cautious Swing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Cautious Fighter, Defensive Stance<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day while in defensive stance, you can make a single melee attack while taking the total defense action at a -4 penalty. You gain a +4 bonus on critical confirmation rolls made while fighting defensively or making an attack of opportunity using this feat.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the adaptable luck feat, you may expend uses of adaptable luck to use desperate swing an additional time per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Danger Detection (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +4 racial bonus on perception checks to notice  creatures in stealth, a weapon being drawn, or a hidden trap.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Fortunate One (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Halfling Luck, Adaptable Luck, Adaptable Fortune<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain an additional use per day of Adaptable Luck. In addition you may now choose to use adaptable luck after dice has been rolled, but before the results have been revealed.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Halfling Luck (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The halfling gains a +1 racial bonus on all saving throws.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Halfling Luck (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any), Halfling Luck<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day, when one of your allies (other than yourself) within 30 feet makes a saving throw, you may roll the same saving throw as if you were the one subject to the effect requiring it. You may use this ability after your ally has rolled, but before the GM declares if the roll was a success or failure. Your ally may choose to use your saving throw in place of his own.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Low Blow (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin); Low Blow<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When making a critical hit against a foe larger than yourself treat your weapon size as one size category larger for the purpose of determining the damage it deals. If wielding a light weapon you may choose to treat the bonus damage from Low Blow as precision damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Low Blow (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You deal an additional +1 damage on a critical hit for each size category a creature is above yourself. This bonus improves to +2 per size category difference if this attack was made with a light weapon.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Risky Striker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin); Power Stance<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in power stance, you may choose to take a –1 penalty to AC to gain a +2 bonus on melee damage rolls against creatures two or more size categories larger than you. When your base attack bonus reaches +4 and every 4 levels thereafter, the penalty increases by –1 and the damage bonus increases by 2. You must choose to use this feat before making an attack roll, and its effects last until the start of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Small Quarters Ally (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may grant yourself any adjacent allies of the same size category a +1 luck bonus on saving throws against mind-affecting effects.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">The Bigger They Are (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold) or Halfling(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When attempting a Trip combat maneuver against a larger foe that cannot see you (such as from a successful Stealth check), treat your penalty to MSB from your size instead as a size bonus, and treat the opponent’s size bonus to saves against maneuvers as a penalty.<br></p></span></p>