---
share: true
title: Scalekin
---
## Description

**Physical Description:** Scalekin are a race of reptilian humanoids. They have various traits which can be wildly different depending on their heritage and tribe or clan, but a common thread that runs through all scalekin is that they all proudly claim to be true descendants of dragons.

**Society:** Scalekin society is strongly familial and usually matriarchal. Scalekin have strong ties to tradition and, although many of the younger generation are hot-headed and brash, they pay deference and respect to the wiser elders. Although scalekin usually focus on their role and their task, the close-knit structure of scalekin societies encourages them to rely on each other as part of one large family.

**Relations:** Scalekin tend to form close-knit communities even within other societies. As such, scalekin are often looked at with suspicion by other races for being secretive and reclusive. Because of this, earning the trust of a scalekin is often difficult for other races but once it is they are welcomed as family with all the privileges, and responsibilities, that entails.

**Type:** Humanoid(Scalekin)
<span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Kobold</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Kobolds are small, jittery humanoids that are often looked down on by other races both because of their stature but also because of their excitable and flightish behavior. Kobolds have rather large heads for their size, with even larger eyes, and stand slightly hunched over to counterbalance the weight of their tail. Kobolds take great pride in their colorful and lustrous scales, believing that they are proof of their illustrious ancestry in powerful and ancient dragons. Usually, kobolds make their homes in expansive underground colonies but occasionally will venture into the settlements of other races as traders, mercenaries, or spies. Kobolds are observant and calculating, and while other races may call them cowardly for avoiding dangerous situations they never hesitate to take advantage of an opportunity as soon as the odds favor them.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Small<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Draconic<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Darkvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:     Kobolds gain the Light Blindness universal ability, a +4 racial bonus on Survival checks when underground, and reduce the penalty by half when using Stealth to attempt to hide behind another creature or when sniping.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Kobolds gain a +2 racial bonus to Survival checks.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Dexterity and Intelligence, -2 penalty to Strength<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Scalekin<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Kobold Feats" href="List of Kobold Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Kobold Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Lizardfolk</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Lizardfolk are hulking humanoids with sturdy bodies and tough hides. They have widely varying appearances, from the color and pattern of their scales to the ridges and frills that adorn their bodies, and their personalities are just as varied. Some lizardfolk are entirely hairless, sporting spines and horns which accentuate their features, while others may have tufts of colorful hair or plumage that boldly stands out from a crowd. Most lizardfolk have clawed fingers and forked tongues, but not all, and all have tails of some type. Lizardfolk are hard workers and tend to integrate well into most societies, but their strong reliance on tradition can cause tension when they are expected to follow another culture’s values.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Draconic<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Lizardfolk may select one extra feat at 1st level.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Lizardfolk gain 1 additional skill point per level.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and Endurance, -2 penalty to Intelligence<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Scalekin<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Lizardfolk Feats" href="List of Lizardfolk Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Lizardfolk Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Serpentfolk</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Serpentfolk possess the upper body of a humanoid and the lower body of a serpent, with bodies 15 to 20 feet long when fully stretched out but usually only 5 to 7 feet tall when the humanoid portion is upright. Their long, muscular bodies can weigh well over a thousand pounds, although their humanoid torso is not much different from that of a human or lizardfolk. Some may have scale-covered torsos and reptilian features, while others may have smooth skin and more closely resemble humans or elves. Serpentfolk are seen by other races as sly and manipulative, but possess an indulgent nature that often places immediate gratification ahead of long-term planning.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    25 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Draconic<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Serpentfolk gain the Undersized Weapons(short) universal ability, a +4 racial bonus to Saves against Reposition attempts, and ignore any penalties from being prone (including provoking attacks of opportunity for standing). In addition Serpentfolk have their type changed to Monstrous Humanoids instead of humanoids.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Serpentfolk gain a +2 racial bonus to Saves against Reposition attempts.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and Psyche, -2 penalty to Focus<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Scalekin<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Serpentfolk Feats" href="List of Serpentfolk Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Serpentfolk Feats</a></p></span></p>