---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Kobold heritage of the Scalekin race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Ambush Training (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a +2 circumstance bonus on any opposed d20 roll made as part of a readied action.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cold Blooded (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you take fire damage which exceeds your Resist, you gain a +1 circumstance bonus on attack rolls and Physical saving throws, and a +1 dodge bonus on AC for a number of rounds equal to your Endurance modifier (minimum 1). This bonus increases by 1 at 5 hit dice, and every 5 hit dice thereafter. When you take cold damage which exceeds your Resist, you take a -1 penalty on attack rolls, Physical saving throws, and AC until the end of your next turn (this penalty can stack with itself, and additional applications refresh the duration).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    Receiving the beneficial effects from fire damage ends any ongoing cold damage penalties from this feat, and receiving the detrimental effects from cold damage ends any fire damage bonuses from this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Colorful Scales (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain Resist 1 to a single type of elemental damage. For every 10 HD, increase this Resist by 1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat more than once, selecting a different element each time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonflight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Dragonwing, 5 HD<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The wings granted by the Dragonwing feat now grant you a 30 ft. fly speed (average).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonsnap (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Colorful Scales, bite attack<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your bite attack deals additional elemental damage equal to ½ your HD; this damage is the same type as the associated damage type of the Resist granted by the Colorful Scales feat.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have taken the Colorful Scales feat multiple times, you may only select a single type of elemental damage to apply each time you make a bite attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonspit (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Colorful Scales<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a breath weapon, which is a 20 ft. line or a 10 ft. cone, and deals elemental damage of the same type as the Resist granted by the Colorful Scales feat. The breath weapon deals 1d4 damage per 2 HD, and allows a Reflex save for half damage (against 1d20 + ½ HD + Con). After using this breath weapon, you must wait 1d4 rounds before it can be used again.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have taken the Colorful Scales feat multiple times, you may only select a single type of elemental damage to apply each time you use this breath attack.<br><br>You may spend 1 point of Stamina or a Spell Point when using this ability to improve the range of this breath weapon by 5 feet per 5 HD and improve the damage by one die size (usually 1d4 to 1d6)<br><br> You may take this feat a second time to improve the breath weapon to a 60 ft. line or a 30 ft. cone and 1d8 damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonwing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); must be taken at 1st level<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of wings and a 10 ft. glide speed.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hardened Scales (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a +1 racial bonus to natural armor or increase your racial bonus by 1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat more than once, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Primal (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain one of the following benefits if you do not already possess it:<br><br>- Scent<br>- A pair of claws (1d4 medium, 1d6 large, 1d3 small)<br>- A bite (1d6 medium, 1d8 large, 1d4 small)<br>- A tail slap (1d6 medium, 1d8 large, 1d4 small)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining a different ability from the list you do not already possess. A serpentfolk’s tail slap is not affected by the Undersized Weapons universal ability; but affects all other natural weapons granted by this ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Scrambler (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a climb speed equal to your base land speed (along with the +8 racial bonus on Athletics checks to climb a climb speed grants).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Slip Away (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you succeed at an Escape Artist, MSB, or save check to escape a grapple, you may make a Stealth check as a free action; on a success, you are treated as having total concealment against the creature you just escaped from as long as you remain adjacent to it. This concealment ends if you make an attack roll against that creature.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Small Reputation (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per round when you succeed on a save against a Demoralize attempt, you may make a Bluff check to attempt a Feint as a reaction against the creature which failed the attempt. If you succeed, the creature believes that its Demoralize was successful. For each degree of success on your Will save, you gain a +2 circumstance bonus on this check.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">The Bigger They Are (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold) or Halfling(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When attempting a Trip combat maneuver against a larger foe that cannot see you (such as from a successful Stealth check), treat your penalty to MSB from your size instead as a size bonus, and treat the opponent’s size bonus to saves against maneuvers as a penalty.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Tunnelsight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The range of your darkvision increases to 120 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Unfair Fighting (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Kobold)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain an additional +2 bonus on attack rolls when flanking. When attacking an opponent that is Flat-Footed, deal additional precision damage equal to half your Base Attack Bonus.<br></p></span></p>