---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Lizardfolk heritage of the Scalekin race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Amphibious (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Lizardfolk or Serpentfolk); Aquatic or a swim speed<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain the Water Breathing universal ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Aquatic (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Lizardfolk or Serpentfolk)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a swim speed equal to your base land speed (along with the +8 racial bonus on Athletics checks to swimming a swim speed grants).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cold Blooded (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you take fire damage which exceeds your Resist, you gain a +1 circumstance bonus on attack rolls and Physical saving throws, and a +1 dodge bonus on AC for a number of rounds equal to your Endurance modifier (minimum 1). This bonus increases by 1 at 5 hit dice, and every 5 hit dice thereafter. When you take cold damage which exceeds your Resist, you take a -1 penalty on attack rolls, Physical saving throws, and AC until the end of your next turn (this penalty can stack with itself, and additional applications refresh the duration).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    Receiving the beneficial effects from fire damage ends any ongoing cold damage penalties from this feat, and receiving the detrimental effects from cold damage ends any fire damage bonuses from this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Colorful Scales (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain Resist 1 to a single type of elemental damage. For every 10 HD, increase this Resist by 1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat more than once, selecting a different element each time.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonflight (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Dragonwing, 5 HD<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The wings granted by the Dragonwing feat now grant you a 30 ft. fly speed (average).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonsnap (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Colorful Scales, bite attack<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your bite attack deals additional elemental damage equal to ½ your HD; this damage is the same type as the associated damage type of the Resist granted by the Colorful Scales feat.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have taken the Colorful Scales feat multiple times, you may only select a single type of elemental damage to apply each time you make a bite attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonspit (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); Colorful Scales<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a breath weapon, which is a 20 ft. line or a 10 ft. cone, and deals elemental damage of the same type as the Resist granted by the Colorful Scales feat. The breath weapon deals 1d4 damage per 2 HD, and allows a Reflex save for half damage (against 1d20 + ½ HD + Con). After using this breath weapon, you must wait 1d4 rounds before it can be used again.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have taken the Colorful Scales feat multiple times, you may only select a single type of elemental damage to apply each time you use this breath attack.<br><br>You may spend 1 point of Stamina or a Spell Point when using this ability to improve the range of this breath weapon by 5 feet per 5 HD and improve the damage by one die size (usually 1d4 to 1d6)<br><br> You may take this feat a second time to improve the breath weapon to a 60 ft. line or a 30 ft. cone and 1d8 damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dragonwing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any); must be taken at 1st level<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a pair of wings and a 10 ft. glide speed.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hardened Scales (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a +1 racial bonus to natural armor or increase your racial bonus by 1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat more than once, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Imposing Frill (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Lizardfolk)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Gain a +2 racial bonus on Diplomacy and Intimidate checks. If you act during a surprise round, you may flare your frills once per round as a reaction on your turn to make an Intimidate check to demoralize one opponent.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Primal (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain one of the following benefits if you do not already possess it:<br><br>- Scent<br>- A pair of claws (1d4 medium, 1d6 large, 1d3 small)<br>- A bite (1d6 medium, 1d8 large, 1d4 small)<br>- A tail slap (1d6 medium, 1d8 large, 1d4 small)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat more than once, each time gaining a different ability from the list you do not already possess. A serpentfolk’s tail slap is not affected by the Undersized Weapons universal ability; but affects all other natural weapons granted by this ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Venom Gland (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Scalekin (Lizardfolk or Serpentfolk)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    As a 3 AP action, you may spit numbing venom up to 15 feet. On successful ranged touch and Resilience(End) save (1d20 + ½ HD + End) attacks, the target is poisoned (injury; Fortitude; onset effect 1d4 nature damage; frequency 1/round for 4 rounds; effect 1d3 Agi damage; cure 2 saves). Alternatively, you may apply this venom to a weapon as a 2 AP action with no chance of poisoning yourself; the venom must be used within 1 hour to remain potent.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you possess a bite attack, you may deliver this venom on a successful bite attack with no additional action.<br></p></span></p>