---
title: Centaur
share: true
---

## Description

**Physical Description**: Centaurs are part man and part horse, their skin tones typically appearing deeply tanned but similar to the humans who occupy nearby regions, while their lower bodies borrow the colorations of local equines. Centaur hair and eyes trend toward darker colors and their features tend to be broad, while the overall bulk of their bodies is influenced by the size of the horses their lower half resemble. The average centaur stands over 7 feet tall and weighs upward of 2,000 pounds, there are vast regional variations, from lean plains-runners to burly mountain hunters.

**Society**: While the majority of centaurs still live in tribes roaming vast plains or the fringes of eldritch forests, many have abandoned the isolationist ways of their ancestors to walk among the more cosmopolitan cities of the world. In some areas of the world centaurs have their own civilization similar to that of other great human empires, though this tends to be limited to cities built near or on mountains, making them fairly isolated from the rest of the world.

**Relations**: Aloof with other races and at odds even with their own kind, the centaurs are an old race only slowly coming to accept the modern world. Within some of the civilizations other races generally are not restricted from entering, though may not directly feel welcome, through a combination of its people, and the larger sized nature of their architecture being less accommodating towards the more average sized humanoids.

**Type**: Monstrous Humanoid(Centaur)

**Race Feature**: Unless otherwise specified all centaurs gain Undersized Weapons(short) and Quadruped(2).
<h2><span><p dir="auto">Mountain-Born</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The Mountain-Born tend to be the stronger and hardier form of centaur, though not as fast as their other brethren.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    40 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Centaur<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Mountain-Born centaurs gain the Quadruped(3) ability and are immune to the negative effects of high altitude.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Mountain-Born treat their strength as 2 higher for the purposes of determining their carry capacity.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 Racial Bonus to Strength and Endurance, -2 penalty to Agility.<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Centaur<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Mountain-Born Feats" href="List of Mountain-Born Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Mountain-Born Feats</a></p></span></p><h2><span><p dir="auto">Myth-Born</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The Myth-Born tend to find their heritages tied back to that of mythical beasts such as the Unicorn and Pegasus, granting them a closer affinity to magic than others, but tend to be less sturdy.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    40 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Centaur<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Myth-Born centaurs gain a +2 racial bonus to Concentration, Knowledge(Arcana), and Acrobatics skill checks.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Myth-Born gain a +2 racial bonus to Acrobatics skill checks.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 Racial Bonus to Strength and Focus, -2 penalty to Endurance<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Centaur<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Myth-Born Feats" href="List of Myth-Born Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Myth-Born Feats</a></p></span></p><h2><span><p dir="auto">Plainsrunner</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    The Plainsrunner centaur is much more agile and fast than other types of centaur, but as well cannot boast nearly the same strength as others.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    40 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Centaur<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Plainsrunner centaurs gain a +2 racial bonus to Athletics checks and +10 racial bonus to their speed when using the charge or run actions; this bonus stacks with the Natural Sprinter racial feat.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Plainsrunner gain a +5 racial bonus to their speed when using the charge or run actions; this bonus stacks with the Natural Sprinter racial feat.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 Racial Bonus to Agility and Psyche, -2 penalty to Endurance<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Centaur<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Plainsrunner Feats" href="List of Plainsrunner Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Plainsrunner Feats</a></p></span></p>