---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Plainsrunner heritage of the Centaur race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Armored Mobility (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your movement speed cannot be lowered below 10 feet when taking penalties from the strength rating of armor.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Beast of Burden (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your speed is no longer reduced from being at a medium load, and the movement penalties are halved from being at a heavy load. You take all other encumbrance related penalties as normal.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hoof Attack (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain two Hoof attack natural weapons that each deal 1d8 damage (1d6 Medium)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Narrow Frame (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When squeezing through a space that is at least half as wide as your normal space, you may move at normal speed rather than treating it as if each square was 2 squares, and you reduce the penalties to attack roll from -4 to -2; you still take the usual penalty to AC.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Jouster (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may wield Two-Handed polearm keyword weapons in one hand without penalty.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may not select this feat as a non-centaur with the mixed blood feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Natural Sprinter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any) or Beastkin(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +10 racial bonus to your speed when using the charge or run actions. You also gain a +4 racial bonus on athletics checks made to jump when you have a running start.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Nimble Striker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Any) or Beastkin(Any); BAB +1<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You do not take a -2 penalty to AC when using the charge action, or when using the cleave or duelist lunge feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Stubbornness (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Dwarf(Any) or Centaur (Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are renowned for your stubbornness. Whenever you fail a save against a mind-affecting ability, you receive another save 1 round later to prematurely end the effect (assuming it has a duration greater than 1 round). This second save is made at the same DC as the first. If you have a similar ability from another source, you can only use one of these abilities per round, but you can try the other on the second round if the first reroll ability fails.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Wild Runner (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Centaur(Plainsrunner)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When taking the run action you may run up to a number of rounds equal to double your Endurance score before needing to make tenacity checks to continue running. In addition you may now select the Run feat as a race feat.<br></p></span></p>