---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Goblin heritage of the Goblinoid race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Enduring Rage (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any), Rage Class Feature<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you are below 0 hit points you may remain conscious and staggered rather than falling unconscious as long as you have rounds of rage remaining. When using this ability you are exhausted instead of fatigued after the rage.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you possess the Diehard feat your while below 0 hit points, and Rage is about to expire, you may as a reaction choose to add your Endurance modifier to the rounds remaining on the rage. The rage from these additional rounds immediately expires when you are brought above 0 hit points. When using this ability you are exhausted instead of fatigued after the rage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Fire’s Blessing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any), Fire Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in combat if you deal fire damage to an enemy you gain 1 temporary hit point. These temporary hit points can stack with themselves but only last until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks that cause a target to catch on fire grant you temporary hit points each round the target takes fire damage; you gain these temporary hit points at the beginning of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Grudge Fighter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You feel great anger at anyone who would attack you. You gain a +1 morale bonus on attack and damage rolls made against any creature that attacked you in the current combat. This bonus to damage is to +2 if you are making an attack with a melee weapon in two hands, or a weapon that adds 1-1/2 times your Strength modifier on damage rolls.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Improved Low Blow (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin); Low Blow<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When making a critical hit against a foe larger than yourself treat your weapon size as one size category larger for the purpose of determining the damage it deals. If wielding a light weapon you may choose to treat the bonus damage from Low Blow as precision damage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Keen Scent (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Foc 13, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your nose is as sensitive as that of a wild predator. You gain the scent special ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Low Blow (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You deal an additional +1 damage on a critical hit for each size category a creature is above yourself. This bonus improves to +2 per size category difference if this attack was made with a light weapon.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Reverse-Feint (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Base Attack Bonus +1, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You’ve learned to goad opponents into attacking you in order to make your counter attack all the more powerful. As a 2 AP action you may deny yourself your Agility bonus against a single target. If the opponent attacks you, regardless if it hits you or not, you may attack it as a reaction with a single melee attack, the target is Flat-Footed  for this attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Risky Striker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Halfling(Any) or Goblinoid(Goblin); Power Stance<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in power stance, you may choose to take a –1 penalty to AC to gain a +2 bonus on melee damage rolls against creatures two or more size categories larger than you. When your base attack bonus reaches +4 and every 4 levels thereafter, the penalty increases by –1 and the damage bonus increases by 2. You must choose to use this feat before making an attack roll, and its effects last until the start of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Smell Fear (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Keen Scent, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +4 bonus on perception checks to detect creatures with the shaken, frightened, or panicked conditions using scent. In addition the DC to track a creature you had successfully demoralized with intimidate is reduced by 2 for the first 24 hours after you intimidated that foe.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Toothy (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a bite natural weapon that deals 1d4 damage (1d3 if small). You gain 1 temporary hit point anytime you successfully deal damage with this bite natural weapon, these temporary hit points do not stack with themselves and last until the beginning of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Trap Wrecker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Power Stance, Disable Device 1 Rank, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in power stance, you can attempt to disarm a trap by striking it with a melee weapon instead of making a Disable Device check. As a 4 AP action, attempt a Sunder maneuver with a +2 bonus against the trap’s Disable Device DC. A failed sunder check causes the trap to activate. If successful you may roll damage as if performing a sunder against an unattended object, adding in any damage bonuses as usual, though for the purpose of this roll treat the hardness of the trap as 5. If the damage is at least half the trap’s Disable Device DC the trap is disabled, but damage lower than half the DC causes the trap to instead activate. You can only attempt this on non-magical traps. You must be able to reach some part of the trap with your attack in order to use this feat. At the GM’s discretion, some traps may not be susceptible to this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Vicious Loner (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Whenever you reduce a foe to 0 hit points or fewer you gain temporary hit points equal to 2 + your Endurance modifier (minimum 1) until the end of your next turn. You do not gain these temporary hit points if the opponent has less than half your hit dice.<br></p></span></p>