---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Orc heritage of the Goblinoid race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Deathless (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Str 13, End 17, Diehard, Unnatural Resolve, Base Attack Bonus +12, Goblinoid(Orc)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Even for an orc you seem impossible to take down. When a creature rolls to confirm a critical hit against you, it must roll twice and take the lowest result.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Enduring Rage (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any), Rage Class Feature<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you are below 0 hit points you may remain conscious and staggered rather than falling unconscious as long as you have rounds of rage remaining. When using this ability you are exhausted instead of fatigued after the rage.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you possess the Diehard feat your while below 0 hit points, and Rage is about to expire, you may as a reaction choose to add your Endurance modifier to the rounds remaining on the rage. The rage from these additional rounds immediately expires when you are brought above 0 hit points. When using this ability you are exhausted instead of fatigued after the rage.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Fire’s Blessing (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any), Fire Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in combat if you deal fire damage to an enemy you gain 1 temporary hit point. These temporary hit points can stack with themselves but only last until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks that cause a target to catch on fire grant you temporary hit points each round the target takes fire damage; you gain these temporary hit points at the beginning of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Grudge Fighter (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You feel great anger at anyone who would attack you. You gain a +1 morale bonus on attack and damage rolls made against any creature that attacked you in the current combat. This bonus to damage is to +2 if you are making an attack with a melee weapon in two hands, or a weapon that adds 1-1/2 times your Strength modifier on damage rolls.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Keen Scent (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Foc 13, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your nose is as sensitive as that of a wild predator. You gain the scent special ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Orc Endurance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    End 13, Goblinoid(Orc)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Once per day as a reaction, you can gain a number of temporary hit points equal to your Constitution modifier plus half your base attack bonus. You can use this feat to prevent yourself from dying. You may spend a point of stamina move action to regain the daily use of this feat<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Orc Weapon Expertise (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Base Attack Bonus +1, Goblinoid(Orc)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain proficiency in Battleaxe, Greatsword, and Strung Axe if you did not already possess it. In addition you treat the Tetsubo, Great Boomerang, Goliath Axe, Waraxe, and War Bow as martial weapons rather than exotic for the purposes of determining proficiency with these weapons. In addition when you gain this feat choose one of the following, you gain these benefits when wielding any of these weapons:<br><br>- Bully: Gain a +2 bonus on damage rolls against creatures at least one size category smaller than you. This bonus to damage is to +4 if you are making an attack with a melee weapon using two hands.<br>- Defender: Treat the weapons listed in this feat as having the blocking weapon feature.<br>- Disrupt: Add 3 to the DC of concentration checks for enemies within your threatened area. This only applies if you are aware of the enemy’s locations and are capable of taking an attack of opportunity.<br>- Killer: Gain a +2 competence bonus on attack rolls made to confirm critical hits.<br>- Thug: Treat the weapons listed in this feat as having the concussive weapon feature.<br>- Trickster: Choose one of the following: serrated, trip, sunder, or disarm. The weapons listed in this feat are treated as having the chosen weapon feature.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Reverse-Feint (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Base Attack Bonus +1, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You’ve learned to goad opponents into attacking you in order to make your counter attack all the more powerful. As a 2 AP action you may deny yourself your Agility bonus against a single target. If the opponent attacks you, regardless if it hits you or not, you may attack it as a reaction with a single melee attack, the target is Flat-Footed  for this attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Smell Fear (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Keen Scent, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +4 bonus on perception checks to detect creatures with the shaken, frightened, or panicked conditions using scent. In addition the DC to track a creature you had successfully demoralized with intimidate is reduced by 2 for the first 24 hours after you intimidated that foe.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Surprise Follow-Through (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Power Stance, Cleave, Base Attack Bonus +1, Goblinoid(Orc)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in power stance and using the cleave feat, the second foe you attack as part of your cleave is Flat-Footed against your next attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Toothy (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a bite natural weapon that deals 1d4 damage (1d3 if small). You gain 1 temporary hit point anytime you successfully deal damage with this bite natural weapon, these temporary hit points do not stack with themselves and last until the beginning of your next turn.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Trap Wrecker (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Power Stance, Disable Device 1 Rank, Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When in power stance, you can attempt to disarm a trap by striking it with a melee weapon instead of making a Disable Device check. As a 4 AP action, attempt a Sunder maneuver with a +2 bonus against the trap’s Disable Device DC. A failed sunder check causes the trap to activate. If successful you may roll damage as if performing a sunder against an unattended object, adding in any damage bonuses as usual, though for the purpose of this roll treat the hardness of the trap as 5. If the damage is at least half the trap’s Disable Device DC the trap is disabled, but damage lower than half the DC causes the trap to instead activate. You can only attempt this on non-magical traps. You must be able to reach some part of the trap with your attack in order to use this feat. At the GM’s discretion, some traps may not be susceptible to this feat.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Vicious Loner (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Goblinoid(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Whenever you reduce a foe to 0 hit points or fewer you gain temporary hit points equal to 2 + your Endurance modifier (minimum 1) until the end of your next turn. You do not gain these temporary hit points if the opponent has less than half your hit dice.<br></p></span></p>