---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Sapient Implement heritage of the Intelligent Weapon race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Aiding Blade (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You grant an additional +2 bonus when using aid another on the creature wielding you.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dancing Blade (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any), Self Telekinesis<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your self telekinesis improves. You now gain the ability to sustain your flight granted by self telekinesis allowing you to fly as normal. When using self telekinesis, and not wielded by another, you maintain your reach (such as for threatening squares), can make attacks of opportunity, and are no longer automatically treated as flat-footed when it is not your turn (though other effects, such as initiative, can still leave an intelligent weapon flat-footed).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Drain Magic Item (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are able to absorb slotted magic items with a 1 minute ritual, merging them into yourself. The magic item must be within 5 ft of you and unattended for the entire ritual. You may expel a magic item as a full-round action and automatically expel all magic items upon your death. You are considered to be a humanoid for the purposes of determining your magic item slots. You do not impart these magic item effects onto your wielder.<br><br>You may also absorb armor into yourself. This armor does not need to be magical but cannot be battered. You are treated as wearing any armor you absorb for all benefits and negatives. The weight of the armor is not imparted onto any creature wielding you. Any armor destroyed through armor sacrifice or armor redirection is immediately expelled.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Focused Implement (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Sapient Implement)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +2 bonus to concentration skill checks. This bonus increases by 1 for every 8 Hit Dice they possess. You grant this bonus to your wielder.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hidden Casting (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Spairent Implement)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may use bluff to mislead foes into believing the creature wielding you is the source of spells you cast. When casting a spell, make a bluff check with a +2 racial bonus. Creatures must pass a sense motive check against this bluff check to determine the true source of the spellcasting.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hide Lifeforce (You may use disguise to appear as a non-living object with a +5 modifier. If a creature fails the opposed check against Hide Lifeforce's disguise, they are considered flat-footed. A creature automatically succeeds this check if the creature has witnessed you acting autonomously in the past 24 hours.)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Master's Focus (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Sapient Implement), Focused Implement, 10 Hit Dice<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    A creature wielding the implement at the start of their turn may choose to spend a reaction to transfer control of a spell they are concentrating on to the sapient implement. Doing so does not change any other values of the spell but instead allows the sapient implement to spend their actions concentrating on the spell to continue the spell for the wielder. The sapient implement may choose to stop concentrating on this spell at any point, and the original caster cannot regain control of this spell once it has been passed to the sapient implement.<br><br>In addition, as an reaction the wielder of the sapient implement may use this ability at any time by spending a spell point. This may be done to allow the caster to avoid making a concentration check to maintain a spell.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Object Resistances (You gain a +1 bonus to all saving throws against sleep effects, necromancy keyword spells, and all mind-affecting effects. These bonuses increase by 1 for every 4 Hit Dice they possess.)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Piercing Arcana (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Sapient Implement)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When a spellcaster is wielding you as an implement, spells you and your wielder cast treat a target’s spell resistance as 5% lower.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Piercing Arcana Expertise (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Sapient Implement), Piercing Arcana, 10 Hit Dice<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    The spell resistance reduction from Piercing Arcana increases by an additional 5% for every 10 Hit Dice you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Self Telekinesis (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the ability to throw yourself to make attacks. While not wielded, you gain a 30 foot fly speed with good maneuverability; though you lack the ability to sustain flight and fall at the end of this movement; taking damage as normal if the distance you fell is sufficient. You may make attacks as if you were wielding yourself, treating your natural reach as 5 feet if medium or small (or 10 feet if large).<br><br>Melee attacks made while wielding yourself are treated as if you are one-handed or two-handed; your choice as long as it would be valid for the type of weapon the intelligent weapon current is in (such as a light weapon cannot be wielded two-handed, or a two-handed weapon not normally being able to be wielded one-handed).<br><br>If your weapon form is a ranged weapon, you may have a quiver or pouch of ammunition follow you, treating it as though it were on your body. You may reload yourself with this ammunition as though you possessed a free hand.<br><br>You are no longer treated as helpless when not wielded by another, but are instead treated as flat-footed against attacks. You do no threaten squares around you and cannot make attacks of opportunity.<br><br>In addition, you may make grapple maneuvers and escape artist checks to escape the grasp of a creature wielding you.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Skillful Host (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may choose a skill at the beginning of each day. When making a skill check the wielder may allow the intelligent weapon to make the skill check for them, treating the result of the check as their own. The wielder treats your ranks in the chosen skill as their own ranks for the purposes of any Skill feats they have with an associated skill matching the chosen skill.<br><br>The number of skills you may choose at the beginning of each day increases at 5th character level and every 5 levels thereafter.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Telepathic Weapon (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may telepathically speak to any creature currently wielding you. This telepathic connection is only one way and does not allow the wielder to speak to the intelligent weapon through this telepathic connection.<br></p></span></p>