---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Cursed Object heritage of the Intelligent Weapon race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Absorbing Block (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Cursed Object)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    As an reaction, you may use your momentary control to redirect an attack that targets your wielder to target yourself. This ability must be used before the AC of the wielder is rolled.<br>At 10th level, you may use your reaction to redirect all attacks made by a single creature that target your wielder for 1 round.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Aiding Blade (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You grant an additional +2 bonus when using aid another on the creature wielding you.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Clinging Weapon (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Cursed Object)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When a creature attempts to willingly drop the intelligent weapon, you may once per round as a reaction attempt a Resilience(Psyche) Save attack (1d20 + ½ the Intelligent Weapon's Hit Die + Charisma modifier) against the creature holding you. If successful the creature cannot willingly drop the intelligent weapon until the start of their next turn.<br><br>In addition the wielder of the intelligent weapon gains a +2 bonus to CMD against disarm combat maneuvers.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Dancing Blade (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any), Self Telekinesis<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your self telekinesis improves. You now gain the ability to sustain your flight granted by self telekinesis allowing you to fly as normal. When using self telekinesis, and not wielded by another, you maintain your reach (such as for threatening squares), can make attacks of opportunity, and are no longer automatically treated as flat-footed when it is not your turn (though other effects, such as initiative, can still leave an intelligent weapon flat-footed).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Drain Magic Item (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You are able to absorb slotted magic items with a 1 minute ritual, merging them into yourself. The magic item must be within 5 ft of you and unattended for the entire ritual. You may expel a magic item as a full-round action and automatically expel all magic items upon your death. You are considered to be a humanoid for the purposes of determining your magic item slots. You do not impart these magic item effects onto your wielder.<br><br>You may also absorb armor into yourself. This armor does not need to be magical but cannot be battered. You are treated as wearing any armor you absorb for all benefits and negatives. The weight of the armor is not imparted onto any creature wielding you. Any armor destroyed through armor sacrifice or armor redirection is immediately expelled.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Hide Lifeforce (You may use disguise to appear as a non-living object with a +5 modifier. If a creature fails the opposed check against Hide Lifeforce's disguise, they are considered flat-footed. A creature automatically succeeds this check if the creature has witnessed you acting autonomously in the past 24 hours.)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Mobile Host (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Cursed Object)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You expanded your ability of momentary possession to allow your host additional movement. On your turn, you may spend your actions to allow your host to move as though it has spent the actions to do so. The movement speed of the creature wielding you is treated as being half for determining how far you may move them. This movement still provokes attacks of opportunity as normal; however, all attacks of opportunity made this way are made against the Intelligent Weapon. You may not use this ability if the movement of the creature wielding you is reduced to 0 or has their movement impaired in some way (such as being grappled). Creatures wielding you may resist this movement in the same way they may resist targeting a foe with an attack.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Morphic Weapon (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Cursed Object or Dancing Weapon)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    As a 3 AP action, you are able to restructure your material and shape. You may turn into the shape of any weapon you are proficient with. You may change your material into an appropriate non-special material for that type of weapon (such as metal or wood). In addition, you may change your weapon size to match that of the creature wielding you. When unwielded, you return to medium size.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    As a 3 AP action, you are able to restructure your material and shape. You may turn into the shape of any weapon you are proficient with. You may change your material into an appropriate non-special material for that type of weapon (such as metal or wood). In addition, you may change your weapon size to match that of the creature wielding you. When unwielded, you return to medium size. <br><br>If you have levels in druid, with the ironwood ability, you may count yourself as ironwood for the purposes of using druid features.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Object Resistances (You gain a +1 bonus to all saving throws against sleep effects, necromancy keyword spells, and all mind-affecting effects. These bonuses increase by 1 for every 4 Hit Dice they possess.)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Self Telekinesis (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the ability to throw yourself to make attacks. While not wielded, you gain a 30 foot fly speed with good maneuverability; though you lack the ability to sustain flight and fall at the end of this movement; taking damage as normal if the distance you fell is sufficient. You may make attacks as if you were wielding yourself, treating your natural reach as 5 feet if medium or small (or 10 feet if large).<br><br>Melee attacks made while wielding yourself are treated as if you are one-handed or two-handed; your choice as long as it would be valid for the type of weapon the intelligent weapon current is in (such as a light weapon cannot be wielded two-handed, or a two-handed weapon not normally being able to be wielded one-handed).<br><br>If your weapon form is a ranged weapon, you may have a quiver or pouch of ammunition follow you, treating it as though it were on your body. You may reload yourself with this ammunition as though you possessed a free hand.<br><br>You are no longer treated as helpless when not wielded by another, but are instead treated as flat-footed against attacks. You do no threaten squares around you and cannot make attacks of opportunity.<br><br>In addition, you may make grapple maneuvers and escape artist checks to escape the grasp of a creature wielding you.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Skillful Host (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may choose a skill at the beginning of each day. When making a skill check the wielder may allow the intelligent weapon to make the skill check for them, treating the result of the check as their own. The wielder treats your ranks in the chosen skill as their own ranks for the purposes of any Skill feats they have with an associated skill matching the chosen skill.<br><br>The number of skills you may choose at the beginning of each day increases at 5th character level and every 5 levels thereafter.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Telepathic Weapon (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Intelligent Weapon(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may telepathically speak to any creature currently wielding you. This telepathic connection is only one way and does not allow the wielder to speak to the intelligent weapon through this telepathic connection.<br></p></span></p>