---
share: true
title: Giant
---
## Description

**Physical Description**: Giants are a primeval race of enormous humanoids which can vary in appearance as much as any of the myriad humanoid races. Their strong connection to the natural world influences giants more than most races, and tribes that have settled in one area for many generations tend to take on the physical characteristics of the land around them. Giants stand twice as tall as most humanoids, with most examples somewhere between 10 to 13 feet tall and weighing upwards of 1,000 lbs.

**Society**: While most giants are territorial and tribal, tending to live in secluded settlements led by a chieftain or shaman, the natural ability of giants to adapt to their surroundings has allowed some tribes to instead live alongside or intermingle with the ever-expanding human kingdoms; although most tend to find life in a human-sized city inconvenient at best and inhospitable at worst. Nomadic tribes often take up professions as traveling merchants, using their prodigious size and strength to carry an entire caravan’s supply on their backs while making an intimidating target for highwaymen and bandits.

**Relations**: Giants are seldom in a hurry and move at their own pace, and can find the industriousness and hunger for advancement of the human race to be a bit grating. In contrast, they often find the whimsical and aloof nature of halflings amusing and many giant settlements welcome halflings for the lust for life that they bring and their tiny, dexterous hands. Giants tend to be at odds with dwarves and elves, as the long-lived races are sometimes in conflict over territorial borders.

**Type**: Humanoid(Giant)

<span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Ash-Skin Giant</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Ash-skin giants make their homes in volcanic mountains, or alongside the heat and flame deep within the earth. These giants tend to have a dark, soot-colored complexion and hot tempers.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Giant<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Ash-skin giants have elemental Resist 1 to Fire.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Ash-Skin gain a +1 racial bonus to saves against fire spells.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus Strength and Psyche, -2 penalty to Agility<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Giant<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Ash-Skin Giant Feats" href="List of Ash-Skin Giant Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Ash-Skin Giant Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Reef Giant</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Reef giants are seafaring tribes that make their homes on coastlines or build floating settlements out of interconnected barges. These giants often have webbed fingers and feet that give them deceptive agility in the water.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Giant<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Reef giants double the number of rounds that they can hold their breath, never take damage from diving into deep water regardless of the height they fell from, and gain a +4 racial bonus on Swim skill checks.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Reef giants double the number of rounds that they can hold their breath<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and Focus, -2 penalty to Psyche<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Giant<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Reef Giant Feats" href="List of Reef Giant Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Reef Giant Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Sasquatch</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Sasquatches make their homes in forests and swamplands, living in connection with nature. These giants tend to have tangled, bramble-like hair and thick skin that is rough to the touch like tree bark.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Giant<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Sasquatches gain a +2 natural armor bonus.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Sasquatch gain a +1 racial bonus to natural armor.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and +2 Focus, -2 penalty to Agility.<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Giant<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Sasquatch Feats" href="List of Sasquatch Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Sasquatch Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Stone Eater Giant</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Stone eaters get this nickname from the barren and rocky mountains where they make their homes, carving networks of caves into cliff sides and ravines like termites. These giants have thick calluses on their skin which are often mistaken for partial petrification.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Giant<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Stone eater giants are immune to the negative effects of high altitude, reduce the damage from falling as if the fall were 10 ft shorter, and gain a +4 racial bonus on Climb skill checks.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Stone Eaters are immune to the negative effects of high altitude.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and +2 Endurance, -2 penalty to Agility<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Giant<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Stone Eater Giant Feats" href="List of Stone Eater Giant Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Stone Eater Giant Feats</a></p></span></p><span><span><hr></span></span><h2><span><p dir="auto">Tundra Giant</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Tundra giants make their homes in frozen regions, often building sprawling settlements in labyrinth-like ice caverns. These giants tend to have pale, bluish skin, white hair, and a cold but calculating temperament.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Large<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Giant<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Tundra giants have elemental Resist 1 to Cold.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Ash-Skin gain a +1 racial bonus to saves against cold spells.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Strength and Intelligence, -2 penalty to Agility.<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Giant<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Tundra Giant Feats" href="List of Tundra Giant Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Tundra Giant Feats</a></p></span></p>