---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Tundra Giant heritage of the Giant race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Avalanche Stopper (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any), Boulder Toss<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Catching universal ability.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the Deflect Arrows (Combat) feat you may use it to attempt to deflect or catch any unattended object that makes an attack roll against you, not just attacks from ranged weapons.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Boulder Toss (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Throwing universal ability, allowing you to throw rocks of up to two size categories smaller than yourself (dealing 2d6 bludgeoning damage for a small object).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cave Giant (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain Darkvision (60 feet).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat a second time, improving the range of your darkvision to 90 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cold Steel (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Tundra), 7 Hit Dice<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your unarmed strikes and any melee weapon you wield gain the Elemental Fury (Cold) special ability.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Snowstride (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Tundra)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your speed is never slowed by nonmagical snow or ice. You do not need to make an Acrobatics check to avoid falling due to slippery conditions caused by nonmagical snow or ice.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Thicker Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +1 natural armor bonus, or improve your existing natural armor bonus by an additional +1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Winter’s Embrace (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Tundra)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you succeed on a Grapple combat maneuver, you deal additional Cold damage equal to your Endurance modifier.<br></p></span></p>