---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Sasquatch heritage of the Giant race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">At Home in Nature (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Sasquatch)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may move through any sort of undergrowth (such as natural thorns, briars, overgrown areas, and similar terrain) at your normal speed and without taking damage or suffering any other impairment as long as the undergrowth is not magically created or controlled.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you already possess this ability or later gain it (such as from the Druid’s Plant Realm), you instead receive a +4 bonus on saves against effects that magically create or control undergrowth.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Avalanche Stopper (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any), Boulder Toss<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Catching universal ability.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the Deflect Arrows (Combat) feat you may use it to attempt to deflect or catch any unattended object that makes an attack roll against you, not just attacks from ranged weapons.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Big Feet (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Sasquatch)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When you knock a creature prone in a space adjacent to you (such as with a Trip or Overrun combat maneuver) you deal additional bludgeoning damage to the creature equal to your Strength modifier.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Boulder Toss (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Throwing universal ability, allowing you to throw rocks of up to two size categories smaller than yourself (dealing 2d6 bludgeoning damage for a small object).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cave Giant (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain Darkvision (60 feet).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat a second time, improving the range of your darkvision to 90 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Mosshide (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Sasquatch)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    While in a wooded area, you gain a +4 bonus on Stealth checks and a +4 bonus on Disguise checks to appear as a tree or another form of large, local plantlife.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Thicker Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +1 natural armor bonus, or improve your existing natural armor bonus by an additional +1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p>