---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the Stone Eater Giant heritage of the Giant race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Avalanche Stopper (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any), Boulder Toss<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Catching universal ability.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    If you have the Deflect Arrows (Combat) feat you may use it to attempt to deflect or catch any unattended object that makes an attack roll against you, not just attacks from ranged weapons.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Boulder Toss (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain the Rock Throwing universal ability, allowing you to throw rocks of up to two size categories smaller than yourself (dealing 2d6 bludgeoning damage for a small object).<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cave Giant (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain Darkvision (60 feet).<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may select this feat a second time, improving the range of your darkvision to 90 feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Cliffhanger (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Stone Eater)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a climb speed equal to ½ your base land speed. This grants you a +8 racial bonus to Climb checks as normal for creatures with a climb speed.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Raised to Fall (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Stone Eater)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You may treat a fall as if it were an additional 5 ft shorter per hit die for the purpose of determining whether you take damage from that fall. If this reduces the distance to 10 ft or less, you do not need to make an Acrobatics check to land on your feet.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Rockslide (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Stone Eater)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When performing a charge from higher ground (including dropping onto a creature from above) you deal an additional 1d6 bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet above your target you were when you began the charge.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Thicker Skin (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Giant(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a +1 natural armor bonus, or improve your existing natural armor bonus by an additional +1.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    You may take this feat multiple times, but not more than once per 5 hit dice.<br></p></span></p>