---
share: true
title: Elf
---
## Description

**Physical Description**: Elves tend to be taller and more slender than humans. Their long pointed ears are their most recognizable trait. Their eyes tend to be wider and larger than that of humans as well. Elves after this tend to vary a bit between the different heritages, with the most noticeably different being the Dusk elves, having coal black to a darker bluish tinted skin tone.

Unlike humans also elves are a very long lived race, reaching adulthood around 100 years, and living for thousands of years. Their physical appearance is nearly unchanging as they age, only showing signs of aging near the end of a elf’s life.

The average height of a male elf is between 5’ 6”  and 6’ 8” and from 116 to 158 lbs.

The average height of a female elf is between 5’6” and 6’ 4” and from 96 to 126 lbs.

**Society**: Elves tend to be a somewhat reclusive race, living within nature. Due to their longer lives elven society tends to be fairly unchanging, and even the more radical idea youths tend to either leave elven society or simply integrate in before any change in ruling can occur.

The places they live tend to have very little worked stone, and if they do contain a stone building, while usually beautiful in their craftsmanship, where designed by shaping the stone with magic rather than by hand. Their cities tend to look to some like they’re both orderly and overgrown, with many trees/bushes lining the wood or stepping-stone laid paths, but none of it actually impeding movement or daily activities.

Elves tend to be led by a small council of elders, with newly nominated taking their place as they either die or retire, many not staying in the position for their full life. If an elf is particularly gifted in the arcane or the magics of nature they may be appointed to the council as well, though usually only one or two hold such a position before their usual time.

**Relations**: Elves tend to be dismissive of other races, though generally not outright hostile towards them. Elves tend to have more respect for individuals over groups as a whole, though due to their long lives may cause disputes, feuds, and other disagreements with other races to linger far longer than other races would.

**Type**: Humanoid(Elf)
<h2><span><p dir="auto">Dusk Elf</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Dusk elves are a type of elf that has coal black or dark blue-ish tinted skin tones. Dusk elves tend to live in cavern cities or deep in woods with tall trees and canopies so thick that almost no light can shine through. Dusk elves tend to follow a more nocturnal pattern, looking to hunt and gather outside of their sanctuaries of darkness at night rather than daytime. Due to this lifestyle their eyes have become more adapted to the dark than others.<br><br>Dusk elves do exist in the rest of the world, but tend to be a rarer sight that can draw attention easily due to how distinct they appear. This tends to not be as much of a problem as Dusk Elves are much more adept at communicating with other races due to lacking some of the innate prejudices and dismissiveness of the other elven heritages. This is not to mean they are innately friendly as some Dusk Elf societies are dedicated to worship of evil gods and are hostile to outsiders, while others are not hostile but are simply reclusive due to the rarity of outsiders  visiting their homelands.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Elven<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Darkvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Dusk Elves gain a +4 bonus to stealth checks, as well as a +1 racial bonus to attack rolls against creatures within dim light or darkness.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Dusk Elves gain Dimvision 30; or improve their existing Dimvision by 15 feet.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Agility and Psyche, -2 penalty to Endurance<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Elf<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Dusk Elf Feats" href="List of Dusk Elf Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Dusk Elf Feats</a></p></span></p><h2><span><p dir="auto">High Elf</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    High elves are the most common form of elf that the world is acquainted with, which as a result has helped depict what most expect from elves. While maintaining the dismissive nature of elves they are likely the most inviting of the other elves being in regions or forests near other nations or commonly traveled, unlike others who tend to hide themselves away in remote parts of the world.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common or Elven<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    High elves gain a +4 racial bonus on perception and concentration skill checks.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary High Elves gain a +2 racial bonus on concentration skill checks.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Agility and Intelligence, -2 penalty to Endurance<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Elf<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of High Elf Feats" href="List of High Elf Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of High Elf Feats</a></p></span></p><h2><span><p dir="auto">Wood Elf</p></span></h2><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Description</b>:    Wood elves usually live alongside high elves, though tend to rarely leave their homeland due to having a deeper connection to nature. Wood Elves for the most part look the same as High Elves though tend to have slightly more tan skin tone from their time spent outdoors hunting. Wood Elves tend to be highly skilled with a bow as opposed to magic and make for better trackers than their High Elf brethren.<br><br><b>Size</b>:    Medium<br><br><b>Base speed</b>:    30 Feet<br><br><b>Starting languages</b>:    Common, Elven<br><br><b>Special vision types</b>:    Dimvision 30<br><br><b>Trait</b>:    Wood Elves gain a +4 racial bonus on Survival, and treat their Strength as 2 higher for the purposes of meeting the strength requirement for bow Keyword weapons.<br><br><b>Mixed blood trait</b>:    Mixed Blood Secondary Wood Elves gain a +2 racial bonus on Survival skill checks.<br><br><b>Ability score modifiers</b>:    +2 racial bonus to Agility and Focus, -2 penalty to Endurance<br><br><b>Race</b>:    Elf<br><br>For a Complete Listing of Feats for this hertiage see: <a data-href="List of Wood Elf Feats" href="List of Wood Elf Feats" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List of Wood Elf Feats</a></p></span></p>