---
share: true
---
Below is a list of feats available to the  Dusk Elf heritage of the Elf race.

<h3><span><p dir="auto">Ancestral Weapon Expertise (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Base Attack Bonus +1, Elf(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain proficiency in Longbows, Shortbows, Longswords, and Rapiers if you did not already possess it. In addition you treat the Curved Blade, Bladed Ribbon,  and Bladed Scarf as martial weapons rather than exotic for the purposes of determining proficiency with these weapons. In addition when you gain this feat choose one of the following, you gain these benefits when wielding any of these weapons:<br><br>- Deadly Precision: You gain a +2 bonus to critical confirmation rolls with the weapons against foes denied their dexterity bonus to AC.<br>- Defender: Treat the weapons listed in this feat as having the blocking weapon feature.<br>- Focusing Implement: If the weapon is able to be used as an implement you gain a +1 bonus on concentration checks while wielding the one of the listed weapons as an implement.<br>- Graceful Bow: Treat your strength as 2 higher for the purposes of meeting the strength requirement for bow Keyword weapons.<br>- Graceful Strikes: Treat the weapons listed in this feat as having the lightweight weapon feature.<br>- Sniper: Treat the range increment of the weapon as 5 higher.<br>- Sweeping Strikes: Treat the weapons listed as having the trip weapon feature.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Arcane Focus (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have focused your studies during your life to the ways of magic. You gain a +2 racial bonus to concentration checks.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    This feat stacks with the +2 racial bonus to concentration checks high elves receive.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Breadth of Experience (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any); 100+ years old.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You have a lifetime of knowledge and training. You gain a +2 racial bonus on all knowledge and profession skill checks, and are no longer treated as untrained in those skills even if you lack ranks in them.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Connected to Nature (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Casting, Nature Affinity<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your natural connection both grants you understanding and power over nature. You gain a +2 racial bonus on knowledge(nature) skill checks. In addition you gain a +2 bonus on all save attacks with nature affinity spells.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elven Accuracy (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Foc 14<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your sharp eyesight makes difficult attacks easier. Once per day, before you make an attack roll you may choose to roll twice and take the more favorable result.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    For every 3 Focus you possess after 14 you may use this feat one additional time per day.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elven Focus (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Int 14, Concentration 1 Rank<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    A number of times per day equal to your intelligence modifier (minimum 1) you may choose to roll twice and take the better result on a concentration check. You must decide to use this feat before rolling for concentration.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elven Immunities (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your elven heritage gives you a more innate connection to the world of magic, granting improved immunities against it. Elves are immune to magic sleep effects and gain a +2 racial saving throw bonus against enchantment spells and effects.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Elven Memory (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Prepared Caster<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your elven memory makes it easier for you to memorize spells, granting you 1 additional spell charge per day.<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Special</b>:    For every 10 Intelligence you possess after 10 you gain an additional spell charge.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Overwhelming Magic (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Casting<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    You gain a single magic feat of your choice that you would qualify for.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Shadow Caster (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Dusk Elf), Psy 13, BCB +1<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    When casting spells of the void keyword you treat your BCB as 2 higher for the purposes of determining the duration of the spell.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Sleepless Trance (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elven Immunities, Elf(High Elf or Dusk Elf)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Instead of sleeping you enter a meditative trace for 4 hours to rest and recover your stamina and magics. During this trance you are fully aware of your surroundings though are treated as helpless until you perform an action to leave the trace.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Spell Dancer (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Any), Mystic Pool<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Elves have greater prowess than others at mixing the martial and the arcane together into an art form. You may substitute your Perform(Dance) skill in place of a concentration check for a spell. In addition you gain 1 additional mystic pool point per day plus an additional 1 for every 6 ranks of Perform(Dance) you possess.<br></p></span></p><h3><span><p dir="auto">Superior Darkvision (Race)</p></span></h3><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Prerequisite</b>:    Elf(Dusk Elf)<br></p></span></p><p><span><p dir="auto"><b>Benefit</b>:    Your darkvision improves by 30 feet.<br></p></span></p>